EPISODE ONE<br>
Should we award machines with humanistic rights? I found this to be the most interesting point brought up in Episode 1 of New Ways of Thinking. Scientists have been studying animals such as chimps, elephants, squids and many others and have since learned that these animals can be family oriented, they experience depression, they mourn over the death of a family member; all characteristics that we value because those characteristics are also very strong in humans. As a result of these studies, humans have begun to consider giving these animals more rights. So, if we award these animals higher rights, then why not award rights to artificial intelligences that also have been programmed to have emotions. Engineers have built artificial intelligence based on the human brain. AI machines have been programmed to love, morn, and experience other emotions. So, should humans consider their humanistic AI and award machines rights? I definitely believe that AI will be developed to the point where this would no longer be a question but a must.
<br><br>
EPISODE 2<BR>
Artificial Intelligence has come a long way since its start; however its still a long way from being perfect, if that is possible. Because AI systems are forever learning from their experiences, I think that creating a system that is completely unbiased can be next to impossible...unless we request everything in an unbiased manner and also if we can change everything on the internet to also make it unbiased, an impossible task. With that have been said, for the moment being it would be in everyone's best interest to continue to use humans as the main source of decision making when it comes to complicated decisions such as who deserves jail time and who is a valued applicant for a job. 
<br><br>
EPISODE 3<BR>
With today's tech tools so widely available for public use, life has become just a big question of “Is that even real?”. We have photoshop, special effect tools that give us the power to alter pretty much anything. Its scary, to say the least, that anybody can just photoshop you into a scene that might put you in an awkward situation, yet we put our faces out there on the internet free for people and machines to see and use. Even more, we give some social media the right to own our photos, and use them however they want. Instagram uses an algorithm to milk as much information from our pictures as it can. I think that technology is great, but there are some occasions such as this, that I feel like my privacy is being invaded. 
<BR><BR>
EPISODE 4 <BR>
Manholes, microwave dishes, data centers, wifi networks are the major “invisible networks” that surround big cities. We place so much trust in these invisible networks that most often fail to learn what and where these networks are even. The internet is able to provide us with so many answers, but it is extremely secretive when it comes to its own infrastructure.  I think that Net Artist are doing an interesting job; hacking into the internet to reveal some information that was perhaps being hidden by the internet. We need more people to reveal the truths to the public. 
