Reading Three: New Ways of Seeing<br>
James Bridles radio show focuses on the image heavy culture we have see a rise in due to the influx on upcoming technology. Where his show focuses on the same principals of John Burgers “The Way of Seeing” he implies we now see from a different perspective. That perspective if one of the technological age, and how it effects the way we see today differently that before. Bridle uses these features not only in his radio show but also includes it in his work as an artist. His piece Autonomous Trap 001 uses the camera of a self-driving car and a salt ring to ensnare the car into a circle where because of its programming being built not to break a law, the car remains trapped. In the first episode telecommunications are explored in a way that he first seeks out a AT&T base from 1932 that depicts phone wires as the apex of communication. As time progresses Bridles comes to a different realization in communications in the form of fiber optic cables. Technology has definitely changed the way we see in a way that I feel is too late to turn back. Not that really, we would want to but seeing out world has never been easier with the help of the internet, smart phones and apps like google maps. Where to see something, we needed to at one point go there and the journey was just as interesting as what we were looking for. Now we can see form the perspective a world over and with the eyes of as many people that can post or take a photo. Berger dedicated his episodes to how we began to see in the mental state with the introduction of western art, photography and Advertisements, and in the episode invisible network, Bridles challenges us to see the way technology is affecting our sense if identity in the same way. This causes a shift in my thinking where turning inward there have been devices that were not an issue in the past that we can’t live without now. Things like GPS and Food Delivery apps are common place where 15 years ago they were more so closer to science fiction. They changed how we see the world and even how we move about the space we occupy. Technology certainly has a grip on us in a way that is now integrated into our lives in an almost symbiotic relationship
