<p>In my early memory, we have always regarded the computer or the electronic device as a tool to serve us since we have felt the convenience brought by technological development. From my own perspective, at the very beginning, people often like to say: "Computer is convenient for humans" or "Computer can help us alleviate a lot of burdens." In the New Ways of Seeing, my favorite passage is: "People Like to think computers are not human – very cold, and logical, and just dry. But the fact is,
Computers are built by humans. So, there’s a lot of human constructs and imagination inside of computers." That is to say, the computer is more than a machine, which might be good or bad. Nowadays, there are many things happened on the computer through the internet that are scary. For example, artificial intelligence (chatbots) invented by humans began to talk in a very strange language, which human doesn't understand at all. In fact, computers are not so "mechanized".</p>
<br>
<p>Recalling the history of the Internet, its existence is indeed like what is said in the text. I know it is there, I am using it, but I feel that it is far away from me because it seems magical to be around us, We can't see through it. For example, the operation of the entire Internet system is very complicated, but the person who uses it just opens the electronic device, clicks on some buttons, go to the interface you want to go, and operates some buttons to achieve what you want to do, so most of them do not understand what is in the back. People who are not working in this industry, they would not understand these complex algorithms; they would not know the specifics behind. Even the dark side of the Internet, people who work with the internet might not know either. </p>
<br>
<p>When it comes to users being tracked behind the internet, and personal information is “shared” everywhere in the world. In our information era, information is so vital that it can determine how others see you and even affect your own life. As everyone knows, China has banned the use of Facebook many years ago. I didn’t understand it at the beginning. As most people think, this looks like another form of “seclusion policy” which has happened in China for several decades ago, and it seems like people in China are not allowed to connect with the "world" outside, I won't discuss whether this is correct, because it's really hard to give it a result, but I want to say that after learning a little bit about the story behind the internet, I began to understand why China doing this: if there is no ban on the use of Facebook, the information about the country, and about the citizens would be taken and shared with other countries, this will have a certain impact on the country.</p>
