<h1>Reading 3</h1>

One of the most impactful parts of the series was right at the beginning of the first episode. The beginning of the episode was led by the kind of speech that seemed to be one that came straight out of the mouth of Martin Luther King Jr. it was a speech calling for equality but not between people, but between man and machine. It was a speech that longed for the “robot overlords” to take over in some way. Of course, this led to the discussion about a forest that pays for itself to be taken care of or used in certain ways. Advanced technologies like blockchain are being used to manage the entire forest and to protect it in a way that seems logical, with money. The idea of giving nature the control of what we do with it seems very interesting because, as young Americans, we have never seen nature have its own agency. So the idea that nature can decide what to give and what to keep is mesmerizing. My fear is that the researchers who are trying to do this make an AI not of nature, but of what they think nature wants or needs. Because when people get into the picture, everything suddenly becomes driven by greed. People don’t trust nature, or trust people who trust nature with finances and management, that’s why we sink our hands right into everything around us. 

The third episode also starts with a power idea. There were soldiers in Romania who broke into a museum during the Romanian revolution (if I recall correctly), and stole a tank from that museum. It worked and it was able to make an effect on the war by injuring a few people. What this tells me is that people look at something in that historical museum and from there take it out of context, and see it as something it is not. A tank is not something people usually would just look at and marvel at, it is a machine designed to kill. However, having it be put in a museum just makes it an art piece, despite it being able to at any moment blast out of a museum and be used in a revolution.
