To see nature and technology coexist harmoniously would be astounding second to seeing nature and humanity coexist harmoniously. Technology is a blank slate that has always been a tool that is bad, good, and everything in between. To say technology can coexist with nature is to say humanity can coexist with nature. Technology and humanity are wholly dependant on one another. To give technology a coexistence with nature would mean to give technology a self, a being of consciousness for which it can see itself ‒ artificial intelligence. 

James Bridle mentions the idea to have nature own assets not under the ownership of a company or a person but to itself. A.I. in this case will have a tremendous role becoming the consciousness for nature. A regulatory system to upkeep a forest’s vital living conditions, one that can interact with humanity, can subjugate humanity’s increasing need for land and resources. Humanity without technology, be it sticks and stones or computers, would result in an overwhelming dominance by nature; humanity with technology, as we see it today, is nearing the same result but with humanity on the top. Perhaps a coexistence with both entities (humanity and nature) provided the tool that is technology might impose a more meaningful relationship. Otherwise, the survival of either entity would rely on the compassion of the other. Does humanity care for nature? Does humanity do what needs to be done to keep nature alive? Will nature eat humanity? 
Or will nature bear fruits for humanity to live another decade?

Stephanie Dinkins brings up the conversation many people have today about technology taking the jobs of humanity. I always believed a short term of readjusting our industry may lead to a better future even if it means suffering now. Changing our mindset, to think not just positively of the implications of technology but to think effectively in the ways technology and humanity can work together to bring about a better future. 

The data we feed our technology affect the results of its behaviour. A great example within the series was that of a program used by judges to decide the sentences of convicted criminals reoffending. Data fed to these programs included the racist policing from the past and implemented this into its results. How should we reiterate? Feeding the program data that is not racist? Who’s to decide what is and what isn’t racist? Perhaps new data that is made up of a variety of people such as Dinkins set out to do but on a much wider scale. Programs like these should evaluate an individual in the merit of the individual’s history rather than that of past offenders. A new case would call for a new solution despite its similarity to previous cases. 

Bridle states “The more images we see, the less we know.” It took me a while to understand what this meant even with the context of what was previously said. Given the ease in which people can manipulate an image has resulted in fragmented copies of the original. Images that falsify the truth can be mixed in the results of what was searched for on the internet. These images construe our thoughts and ideas; given the quantity of these images the likelihood of seeing the original image unconstrained by competing information is small. 
