The Cybernetic Forests episode was interesting in that it was discussing how artists are reshaping technology to treat it with more care rather than trying to control it. We are used to having technology act as machines and tools to generate answers, so seeing them from a point of a view in which they are more like partners to create questions together is fascinating. In the episode Taeyoon Choi dismisses the idea of technology being cold, logical, dry machines and unhuman-like and speaks of them having more human-like traits than we think because they were created by us. It makes me wonder how technology will continue to develop if we continue with this type of mindset. 

The Digital Justice episode made me think about how stereotypes have followed us from times of Renaissance paintings to the age of new technology. It was surprising to hear about Louise Selby's mishap with her ID card not working because the system wrongfully assumed she was a male due to her title being Dr. You'd think that our society and technology would reflect a more progressive viewpoint, but we still see old attitudes showing up despite how much change we work towards. Also, the fact that Amazon couldn't even successfully develop AI with equality built into it was really surprising because it just shows how there is more bias towards male workers than female ones in the realm of technology.

The Machine Visions episode discussed how images have started to exist beyond our control which can lead to a lot of manipulation. The most common example I see in today's society is how people manipulate images on social media to create a false illusion to trick us into believe what is actually true. There are so many pictures that you can find online of people posing with fancy cars, houses, as well as large sums of cash and we have no idea if these people actually have ownership over these things or trying to create a false sense of social value. It's kind of dangerous because these doctored images can alter the way we view the world. I used to hear the saying "pics or it didn't happen" frequently, but now I hardly ever hear it and it's possibly because of easy it has become to digitally manipulate photos, or even just framing the content a certain way.

The Invisible Networks episode brought up the topic of the infrastructure of the internet. When I stopped to think about it for myself it surprised me how little I know about how the internet works and yet I easily accept it as an integral part of my life. I had never really considered how companies have a hold of people's information until the whole Facebook scandal, but it does make me feel uneasy with the knowledge that my personal info is out there and known by others. It's unfortunate that with many other concepts, the internet is also being used as a tool for profit.
