In the first episode: Cybernetic Forests. The artist James Bridle wants to change how technology changing the way we see it. This piece wants to focus on machines and the environment. Thought technology have created green gas effects and one problem too is that people are really selfish and they do harm things for their own benefits, as for example some people do bitcoin mining and that uses a lot of energy so it increases the greenhouse gas emissions. Thought the artist do mining as well, but he does donate to the environment with the money he earns. The idea is good to trying to convince people to take better care of the environment, as technology have made a way to communicate with people all over the world, yet sometimes is might be in bad used by people that have power over it; however, technology has potential to help us understand, as well shows ways to protect the environment with information.
In the Second episode: Digital Justice. Dr. Luis Sovie had a problem in a gym that she couldn’t get in the woman’s locker room because her ID has Dr. So, the system thought she was a man and to fix that problem she would have to drop her tittle. This talks about how technology is based in male demographic. This talks about how they been trying to improve the AI: artificial intelligence. Thought this talk more about subjects about equality between both sexes. Is interesting that they want to rework many things that represent more of everyone. Because there are still unbalance between the identity of people.
In the third episode: Machine Vision. It talks about digital images and the impact on modern times. Is interesting how today is easy to get a program like photoshop and change the way the real photo looks and even can be used to fake information with such image. The manipulation of images has become too easy now and even being able to share it. Social medias like Instagram, Facebook and Myspace are good examples how communication can travel. Then now technology have made machines that take smart pictures like for people that speeding in the freeway and even scan for specific things they are program to do. Technology with digital images are away to show how the machine can see us.
In the fourth episode: Invisible Networks. This bring an interesting topic about hiding infrastructure of the internet. As today almost everyone is able to use the internet and some even used it for most of their time. Though no many thinks about how some websites are free or how they make money. As their information is being sold to companies without realizing. I like how this talk about Facebook being caught selling date, as I knew that for a while, but many didn’t believe in that until it final was official. The companies don’t care about the user. They only care about their information or the products they want to buy. Internet can be a great tool for humanity, but sadly most people only use it for their own benefit. This internet age have created new habits and some don’t even think about this. 
