The episode Invisible Networks brings up a hot topic: the hidden infrastructure of the internet. Despite the fact that the majority of people today rely on the internet and technology to make it through everyday life, most people have no clue how those things work or what goes on behind the scenes. This is alarming and somewhat dangerous. The private companies in charge of running these bits of technology possess a major amount of personal information from the majority of society. WIth that, they can do as they please, and we wouldn’t know any better. In fact, that’s already happened. We can look at the scandal of Facebook being caught selling data to Russia and other advertisers and see that the information we provide no longer belongs to us. Our information belongs to the businesses now. This discussion reminded me of a book I previously read - Overcomplicated: Technology at the Limits of Comprehension by Samuel Arbesman. Similar to this episode, the book discusses the struggle of technology outpacing its creators and explores ways in which humans could solve this problem. Arbesman argues that we must stop ignoring technology, and instead embrace it in a natural way - treat technology like we do biology or any other field of science. What Arbesman means by this is to ditch attempts to patch everything up while leaving major holes. Instead, he suggests reverting back to the old fashioned method of observation, data gathering, and drawing conclusions to coexist with technology.

In the episode Machine Visions, several artists gather to discuss digital images and their impact on modern day society. Digital images and how they are utilized today are far beyond what we could have ever dreamed of. Long gone are the days of crude cavemen drawings. Instead, we have so much visual being taken, shared, and manipulated. Where images were once used to share information, they are now also being used to portray false illusions. Examples of this would be the carefully curated images that people choose to share on social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram. Furthermore, images are easily editable now thanks to a multitude of photo editing software programs, such as Photoshop. These image making advancements have made creators more powerful. However, the consequence of this is that photographs are cheapened since they are so easily doctored. These new age digital images are, to a certain extent, shaping our worldview, thoughts, and opinions, and that’s dangerous.

In the episode Digital Justice, technology and social justice intersect. Female artists and queer artists come together to talk about their experiences with outdated attitudes, biases, and prejudice that they have and continue to face in the world of technology, as well as what they are contributing to make the tech sector a more diverse place. Women once ran the tech industry, but men eventually spilled over onto the scene and overtook it. Now, people continue to assume that men are the technology experts of the world and continue to shut out others, whether intentionally or not. To make the technology sector more diverse, women and queer artists have contributed different ideas. One is the rise of more gender options to choose from on social media. Another is recreating pieces from different cultures and framing them with context to spread culture instead of stealing culture. This is a segment pertinent to my own life, as a female existing in this largely male dominated world. I am in the design field and am working hard to make my way through that industry.

In the episode Cybernetic Forests, artists think about reshaping the technology that we use. One artist brought up the point that humans look at technology as something to control. Rather, we should view it with care. Instead of being careless and treating our technology as a mere tool to be used and disposed of, we should endeavor to respect it because it can teach us so much about the world around us. It already makes up a major component of our world, so why don’t we look at it with more respect? I think this is a very interesting stance to take. This segment does make me realize that most of us take technology for granted without thinking about what would happen if we didn’t have it.
