


The James Bridle’s, New Ways of Seeing, podcast tackles the same ideas as John Berger’s, Ways of Seeing documentary with a technological update. Through the accounts of artists through the four episodes we hear how technology has been reimagines to help different causes despite the traditional uses of these technologies. Bridles also examines how nature and technology are connected. Nature is being harmed as the usage of technology increases. 

As we continue to upgrade our technology, we are introduced to new ways of possibly helping the earth as well. The podcast starts with talking about cybernetic forests, a concept of using blockchain crypto currency to pay for flowers which would go into investing in environmentally friendly projects and land. This idea gives the flowers agency of sorts. The project gives nature a chance to use our currency to fund global environmental projects.  I think this is a great idea and it gets me thinking about what I as an artist can do to help with this cause or to just be more conscious of my decisions in materials and medium as an artist. Choosing PLA instead of ABS can be a cheap and easy way to be health conscious. Even as a person, I can choose to eat a more plant-based diet to reduce the need to farm meat which takes away from untouched natural lands. 

The environment is also commented about in the podcast when Hito Steyerl commented on how the storm clouds in New York knocked out the digital clouds, severing the connections we use on a daily basis. The digital clouds are not seen but the visual of the actual storm clouds can tell us what the effect are on us as the digital cloud was absent. This opens up the idea of showing the visual of what non-existent things we use on a daily basis and if they were taken away what would that mean. The physical and the digital are more linked surface thoughts on the subject might be.

Technology is not only harming the environment but is shaping the way we humans communicate and interact socially. Social media has become a big part of how we interact, as social media is seen to be “free” to the users, we understand that is because our data is the product. Since our data is the product, we have digital eyes watching us and tracking our data through our email subscriptions and patterns on our accounts. This shift of digital eyes on all of us is similar to the male gaze. The male gaze that effected women has turned into the computer gaze that watches us all no matter your gender, nationality, or sexuality. This is not only troubling, but it should unite us all to do something about it but we as a collective do not. This brings up ideas of how I can choose to comment about the state of our privacy or the non-existence of it.  Bringing topics of surveillance and sousveillance to the discussion allows people to think more critically of the state of our world, the new normal.
