James Bridle’s New Ways of Seeing gave me a much more enhanced perception of not only the meaning of art/imagery, but also the technological background of machines and how their vision affects our society and quite possibly the future.

In the first episode, Bridle discusses a Cybernetic Forest, which is nature and technology being brought together in harmony. I never have heard of such a phrase/term, but I found the concept very interesting and thought of the idea of exploring it’s further meaning. As Berger described artwork in his Ways of Seeing as paintings giving a unique message of the location it’s in, I was surprised to see how others took the meaning of staring into an art piece for different reasons. When looking into an art piece, most people will try to understand the context or visual meaning behind it, but I was surprised to hear about how climate scientists studied the visual backgrounds of each piece to learn about climate change and other visual problems! I suppose while it sounds difficult to truly understand the climate environment all those years ago, the background sky depicted in paintings could give us a good idea. This new way of exploring art pieces fascinates me and makes me wonder if aside from the artistic message, and study of climate change, art pieces are looked at through even more different perspectives for different objectives! With the technology we have today, it’ll be interesting to see if we can uncover and learn more about past art pieces as well. The relationship’s brought between ourselves and technology are given a cautionary but good point by Bridle, it definitely has a powerful grasp on us and places more power in larger corporations and the government, and we can see things differently through the use of it.

The second episode took me by surprise, especially after hearing about the story of Louise Selby being denied into the women’s locker room at her local gym because she was automatically assumed to be a man for having Doctor in her name, which she would have had to remove to be identified as a woman. As Berger discussed the status of nude women being identified through the paintings of the old times, we could see technology showing off the same old attitudes. I’m quite surprised to see how women achieving noteworthy titles in their life, such as Selby being a pediatrician, or artist Morehshin Allahyari, who cowrote a manifesto, are still being questioned for it, and how people are unsure that they could achieve all this work. It seems like with the power of technology we could shape our imagination and try to remove this negative stereotype to hopefully see us all as equals with one another. Bridle made an interesting point of how technology is a powerful grasp and affects the way we see things, but after this episode I agree with his notion as well about technology being able to help us see the real world, serving as a reel of what we’ve previously refused to see. 

The third episode talked about imagery, and how they have taken a life of their own. They brought up a lot of good points on how imagery is how we see the world and understand it, but with the technology we have today, it’s so easily able to be manipulated, modified, and crafted into a different message, one that could be used against us or trick us into believing something else. In the modern day in age, someone could photoshop a photo of themselves for example, trying to change their looks or the environment around them, for their own personal reasons in hopes of deceiving someone. The fact that facial detection software is a thing now just shows how much of a grasp technology really has on us! These machines truly start to envision what humans do, and eventually start to see the world the way humans do as well.

The final episode talked the invisible networks of the Internet, and while we can’t see or touch it, we don’t understand how much it’s truly affecting our lives. Seeing as how the aspects of our lives, politics, society, and history are being affected by it, the Internet has a truly powerful grasp. We’ve become very dependent on it, we use it to see through the lens of digital technology, it absorbs all data we’ve put into it. Trying to understand and seeing how much change the Internet has given us is very difficult, however, just like how Bridle pointed out, I would agree that it would help sort things much clearer (such as perspectives, control, administration of a society, etc). 
