The first clip started out really neat with the poem having some beautiful, idyllic view of technology coexisting with the natural world. In the end, the video seems a little more pessimistic and a touch too critical of techonology. I wish new media artists could be a little more open minded sometimes instead of all doom and gloom over every ripple of change in society. The projects that are described are kind of neat, but I don't know enough about the tech stuff to really talk a lot about it. It's really neat that they were able to get engineers and artists to collaborate though. The bit about caring for technology was an interesting viewpoint, but I think it's unrealistic at the pace of development, which is only likely to accelerate.

For the second clip, I think the points about algorithms that rely on data sets from the past are pretty interesting. It's hard to believe that it's even legal to allow that sort of thing in the courts or for police to use. I remember reading about the Amazon application algorithm, and I think the narrator here is hyping it up much more than it actually was. I think most companies and institutions have become a lot more aware of this than the clip is giving them credit for though, despite initial gaffs that had good intentions of impartiality. After all, if their algorithms have these biases, then in the end, the data is going to reflect that, has reflected that, and is actively adjusted to account for it. It's good to be aware of those past biases though and how they can affect a supposedly impartial AI.

For the third talk, I think this issue about fake images or images that give wrong or confusing information is really scary. I think most technology fears are really overblown, but it seems like a natural progression to me that the tech at work here is going in a really bad direction. In particular, deep fakes are really worrisome. Even now, a lot of people are susceptible to believing these images are real, and it's a pretty new thing. Even when people can disprove it through artifacts or mismatched bits, the damage is already done for people that see it and don't follow up or just through general impressions. At some point, the tech here is going to be so realistic that people can't reliable tell if a video is real or fake. At that point, you can pretend a politic figure or celebrity or anyone really said something or did something, and there will be no way to say if they did or didn't. It will redefine our concept of "proof."

The fourth video is interesting, but I didn't really find a lot of information that I think I would use or pursue further. I get that the core point is maybe less about any singular bit, like the underwater pipes or telecommunications symbols, but more about tech being hidden from larger society. I think that's maybe not right though. Anyone can learn how to code. It's not like the languages are written in secret proprietary languages. I think people don't know about it because they don't care to. There's no reason to have this stuff out in the open because it's just extra noise and confusion. I guess I maybe don't really get the point here.
