

After listening to all four videos, I got a better understanding of John Bergers series on Ways of Seeing. In the first video, Cybernetic forests, Jame Bridle mentioned the possibility for animals, humans and cybernetics can live in the world and how it can be a reality. He added how it might have its problems since computer systems draw a huge amount of energy. Hence, it could lead to a big problem between technology and the environment. I believe so also because we have witnessed a lot of climate change since the industrial revolution with the creation of new machines. Some ideas suggested by Bridle seem harmless(ex. forest to own itself) but are not adequate in the long run because of environmental damage.  In the second video, Digital Justice, Jame bridle discusses how precise prejudices and attitudes seem to be hardwired into todays technology. In the start of the video, a female doctor revealed how she couldn't use the changing room by using her membership card to grant access because she had her info set as DR. This was a problem because the program was made to identify doctors as males. This kind of scenarios happen quite often. It is however due to how the softwares are programmed. I agree with Bridle and Bergers idea in that it is highly suggested that with new forms of representation, new attitudes might develop.Also, I agree with Dr. Stepanie Dickens in that algorithms are what ultimately decide how programs are shaped and brought out to the world. In her example, about discriminating sentencing, it is unfortunate that some of these softwares are wired to perform such way. I had heard before about machine learning programs that do select CV's degrading women applicants with the addition of selecting certain key words in the applications. The thought of it is quite appalling because it demonstrates how these systems cant process equality. We do have the power to program our AI's to base off its data on cultural aspects. In the third video, machine visions, I found quite interesting to listen. Bridle talks about how digital images have become so much more than mere pictures. To this, I agree because with the new era of social media and editing softwares, we see how people can manipulate a certain image to create its own reality. After all, technology fundamentally changes how we see the world. In the example of the drone, the fake image was controversial because it was used as a weapon and categorized as machine welfare. Although it wasn't real, it shaped the reality for a lot of people. For this same reason, Berger mentioned how the camera has multiplied its meaning. In another example, there has been a variety of images of ufos that circulate different platforms online. Although no one has really seen one in real life, looking at the images, one can believe the existence to be true.Additionally, machines are making images and changing them also. Whenever I cross a toll, I do notice cameras above that take pictures and store the license plate images. This sense of surveillance is what ultimately is being run through the whole world. In a sense I do agree that we are training machines to see the world for us and use our data fro their advantage. Lastly, the video about the internet shows how we cannot see the internet and yet it is something we all take part in. We see it everywhere and those that can see can shape the world to their advantage. 
