  James Bridle’s “New Ways of Seeing” covers the negative impacts of technology, but also discusses present day artists that use this technology to shed light on new ideas, to help reshape our views, and to improve technology for the better. He also references John Berger’s show “Ways of Seeing”, and applies them to present day examples of how technology has affected us. 

  In the episode, Hidden Networks, the internet is made to look invisible and are hidden by design. The way we use the internet seems to hold an intimate and private connection, but in reality, our information is given to private companies. One of the artists in the episode, Trevor Paglem illustrates to us that there are fiber optic cables that connects the continents together in the bottom of the ocean. From his findings, the wires aren’t evenly distributed and the best connections seems to come from the UK. The cables reach Ghana and Nigeria, but doesn’t connect to the rest of west Africa, instead, connects to the UK. As a result, European Imperialism still exists within our digital age. The internet affects every aspect of ours lives. If we understand and see how the internet works, we can take back the power that it controls us.

  Finally, in Machine Visions, Bridle addresses the digitization of images, origins of images, surveillance, and machine learning faces. Artist Adam Harvey was inspired by a WWI tactic called Dazel, which is a camouflage to make it difficult to detect the ships range, speed, and direction. The ships were designed with complex geometric shapes and contrasting colors. Hervey uses that same idea but uses fashion to camouflage the face from detection from face detection algorithms. Because we are constantly surveillance, this is important data for companies to know more about us. Image has an important influence on us can also alter our perception of reality.

  In the episode, Cybernetic Forests, artists are using technology to help create a discussion for important issues such as climate change and corporations that use information. Taeyoon Choi uses functioning codes a different way, but instead, finds the beauty in them and create poetic forms. In the 1950’s, the internet was a democratic and decentralizing force on the networks. Though in reality, the internet is highly centralized, having the government and a few big companies own it. They create software that distributes power and the decision making for us. What's significant is that we don’t have access to technology unless we pay for it, and if it’s free, its technically not free, because they might be taking our information about us. The way something is designed, can be used against us and it’s important that we notice this.

  The data that we have to today reflects the way we live. From listening to Digital Justice, Bridle covers how technology has been biased and misrepresented. Bridle mentions intelligent algorithms are being used by the police in the UK to decide on where they patrol and who they should hold custody. When independent investigators test this technology, it turns out it was biased against poc. This was because of bad data produced by racist white police officers .I realized that it's important to know who out the data and built these digital tools. Bridle made a good point about involving people who were not part of the decision making and increasing diversity so that technologies don’t make the same mistakes. Artists like Stephanie Dirkins, her art centers about technology on it affect different communities. She has created her own AI that learns about the world from a different perspective, of putting three generations of her female families in the bot. 
