“Cybernetic forests” brings to question how technology can be used in tandem with its environment. This is an important question to bring up in today’s world, as the state of the planet is declining, and we must change in some ways to help it. Technology and nature can definitely coexist in beautiful ways, as evidenced in the video, but some of the ways that we are currently doing things are very counterproductive to an ecological goal. One example is the way that our society produces and goes through phones. Phones are something that are very difficult to recycle, and ours are made with planned obsolescence in mind, lowering their lifespan. Companies are also constantly trying to push their new devices on people that don’t need them with new features… that don’t actually matter to a majority of users. The production chain for phones is also something that is environmentally dubious - areas like Shenzhen in China suffer from a large increase in smog and decrease in air quality over the past few decades due to their technological production scale, much of which consists of phones. 

“Digital Justice” questions how A.I. and other machines can affect our perception due to their creator’s biases. In today’s age, capitalism drives many of our daily processes without concern for the people behind them. Incarceration of the subjugated feeds the pockets of the rich, and the system is racially charged. These same algorithms can determine what an “ideal employee” consists of - which can further enforce biases, or instead just cause interested applicants to lie because they know what causes the best results. The faults with dangerous prejudices in technology lies in their creators, and they must be held accountable. 

“Machine Visions” is especially relevant today with “deepfake” technologies entering the mainstream. These algorithms are able to create and edit videos and photos to be indistinguishable from reality, causing us humans to question what’s real, and what is true evidence. 

“Invisible Networks” brings to mind how our social spheres on the internet can shape the rest of the information that we see. Algorithms dictate the kinds of things that we see, which are usually tailored to our current interests and views, not showing things outside of our perceived sphere of interests. There are some exceptions to this - YouTube constantly pushing right-wing videos regardless of the viewer is one - but overall, having a limited view of the internet can be an issue for several reasons. 
