For this week’s “reading”James Bridle’s podcast New Ways of Seeing, there were four parts that dived into the roles of modern technologies, the internet, cybernetic forests, justice through algorithms and code, machine visions, as well as our vision amongst it all.

Bridle’s four part series piggybacks, or continues on with John Berger’s Ways of Seeing but now, with the presence of digital technology and the internet.  They both bring up the point of how artist and artwork will help us see the world differently, especially with a great force and reliance on infrastructure built around around us that we can’t see.  

How can we see something that is invisible? By creating awareness of it though artworks, and talks and sharing of information like this podcast series. I agree how the world is in need of journalists, artists, lecturers, curious minds, and researchers to bring up topics that are necessary in order to avoid infrastructure ignorance as it is detrimental to our society. It is dangerous as it controls our entire world economically, socially, affects the environment and so much more.

I also enjoyed a section from the fourth part of the Brett speech on Radio, where it is one sided where it should be two sided. In a sense, the argument was taken again with the internet as an artist, Bridle’s friend create a netart piece that questions how we consume on the internet by making one download browsers and content that are not from private companies. What is our relationship with the internet and what is our intention to see differently on a computer or the network?
 
THe fourth part also mentioned as we look up, there is an invisibility of stock exchange and when we look down (at the bottom of the sea), cables connect the world. 

Something I thought was also relevant to the way we see would be the third part- Machine Visions. It points out that the more we see the less we know. Something that was also important was surveillance and how we are constantly being watched and our faces caught on camera. With their vision at times will come prejudices as these machines are built on algorithms, and code that at many times, is built on older systems. At times, algorithm, as seen in INstagram rewards those who are always powerful and wealthy. Should we really allow machines to see for us and determine the success, well-being and improvement of many individuals?

Sexism, racism, digital colonialism certainly exist with machines coded and controlled by predominantly white males. There is a need and a concern for that change, but what are some of the ways to create more diversity and equality even digitally? I am highly interest in Queer technology as their way of seein is that usuak assumptions do not mean identity practice, where there is a desire and longing for soemthing better for the future. As mentioned in part two, women did play a major role in computing as typewriters, bookkeepers and hencer early coders during the 50s and  60s as well as were a great presence to Nasa’s space exploration. Where are our voices as women now?

The way that we are seeing are highly influenced by what we are consuming and as Berger mentions: habit and convention. And I believe what Bridle is stating is that it is very much the same where machines are present in every aspect of our lives. However, he has a more hopeful ending to our relationship with technology and that is the more we understand it, the more we are able to see it, hence we can make better decisions for our future. 
