The episode Cybernetic Forests: makes me rethink and redefine the relationship between human and technology. I love when James Bridle says: “For too long, we’ve thought about computers as machines for giving us answers, rather than tools for asking questions.” Now, obviously, we are using them as tools for asking questions (like many research centers in our society)...but somehow, we just don’t appreciate technology as much as we should. I’d rather believe what Taeyoon Choi believes that computers are not something just cold, logical, dry machines and unhuman-like. They are created by humans, and therefore they are constructed by human thoughts, characteristics, and imaginations. I love the way Taeyoon says it’s poetic. I’m also surprised there’s a School for Poetic Computation in New York.

Episode Digital Justice reminds me about a friend of mine who’s struggling to find a job at Amazon. Her friend whom is working in Amazon once told my friend that in order to get in, the resume needs to be improved to a very good format with some keywords that can “please” the scan machine. It will improve the opportunity to get in. Since her friend knows how to do it, she’s willing to help her modify her resume to “please” the scanner. However, I find this a little bit scary. I feel like there’s an invisible rule inside this industry. Maybe the original purpose was good and it was all for convenience, but it definitely brings some injustice. Like James Bridle said,
“What seems to have happened is that the same old attitudes are hardwired into new technologies.” Is automating really a righteous way of hiring people?

Episodes Invisible Network and Machine Visions encourage me to see how technology is influencing us in both bad and good ways. We rely on it heavily, meanwhile we are controlled by it. It always scared me whenever I receive a mail from motor department that my car license plate being captured by camera, and on the letter it writes out my name. I feel like exposed. But on the other side, it did contribution to capture people who violate the rule - isn’t it amazing how fast, sharp, and accurate machine can capture people’s fault, so does their privacy? It makes me feel like I’m living in this enormous, unknown word, which everything looks familiar to me but with more and more layers that I’m unfamiliar with. Technology is so invisible and powerful that we don’t even sense its existence sometimes. They determined our future. 
