In James Bridle’s New Ways of Seeing, he manages to touch on a variety of subjects each episode, varying from women in tech, the omnipresence of surveillance, and the internet in relation to our surroundings, and lot more. He connected ideas in these episodes back to John Berger’s original Ways of Seeing from the 70s. Berger’s ideas revolved around what images, past and present, at the time, tell us. Like he said, “Looking at the art of the past can tell us something about the whole planet.” 

James Bridle talks more about the power that images have over us. He uses an image of a drone as an example. An airport was shut down for three days because a drone was apparently in the takeoff area. There was never a photograph or visual documentation of it, but the newspapers and articles showed images of drones, and, because of that, worry swept the audience. One of these drones was an image that a 3d modeler had designed and posted online. This reminded me of how easily we can expose ourselves to all types of information. The other day my dad found out that some public figure he follows passed away and they were around the same age as him. Based on that information he found more articles about actors and musicians who died unexpectedly at a young age. He immediately began worrying about himself; he thought it was too common. To me, it seemed common because this was information he was seeking for himself and similar articles would be directed at him based on those searches. We just have to be mindful when we are presented with information. This brings me to another part in Bridle’s episode, where two ‘critical engineers’ changed internet information and fooled people. It shows us we have to be critical about what we find online. 

Towards the beginning of Bridle’s podcast, they focus a bit on computers and artificial intelligence. We tend to think of computers as tools to give us answers and have an overall ‘us vs them’ mentality. Immediately, I thought of the movie iRobot with Will Smith. Can’t remember much except for Smith’s character having such a big grudge against robots; he didn’t trust them. I’m one of the people who thinks it’s okay to share our world with artificial intelligence, but there is always the downside of a biased AI. Bridle included Amazon’s AI as an example of a scrapped AI. They tried to create one that would review resumes and such to make hiring decisions; it ended up being sexist. There are examples of AIs being sexist, racist, and generally exclusive. This is due to the fact that they are built on past information. I love the idea an artist had of creating an AI based on information provided by a more diverse focus group. It was information produced by three generations of women of color. It seems like a start to something amazing—an AI that knows more about the differences amongst people. 

