
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php%3Fartc=254.html<br><br>
Performance artist and activist Sandy Stone addresses several points about her own work and its potential. Stone believes that although one can consider themselves a professional, in order to land a corporate job, its essential that one also has academic credentials. There are many people who consider themselves self taught artists, but without the legitimacy of a university diploma, these artists will experience more difficulty landing a job than the other artists with an academic credentials. I have not yet experienced the art world in a professional fashion but I must admit that I am relieved to hear her point of view. I hope to land a job in the commercial video industry when I graduate.  <br><br>
 As an activist, Stone urges that in the activist community, the most important aspect is speed of communication. Because the majority of activist communities rely on internet threads as a source of communication, it’s fairly easy for one activist to begin a thread; and it’s just as easy for the same activist to abandon the thread and start a new one. For this reason it's essential that one be the first to address a problem.  I witness this kind of thing on instagram constantly. Maybe it is ont about activism but they are threads that appear once and then you see them over and over again for the next week and then the following week there will be nothing about it. The internet is quick to discuss and dump, and as an activist one must be on top all your points of the discussions before the internet moves on to the next problem. <br><br>

Sandy Stone is a performance artist by choice. She believes that performing live provides several advantages including immediate feedback. After each performance, the claims to always change the act to accommodate the audience’s response to her liking. Network performances she says spend too much time and money trying to improve by upgrading their equipment and technology, yet you still won’t ever feel like you are there with the art. I thought that this was an interesting perspective because I believe that (and I’m not trying to sound super corny)  beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I myself am not a huge fan of performance art, I feel pressured to like it, even when I don’t necessarily like it. I think that network art gives viewers a chance to experience the art over and over again as many times as they like, give them a chance to look at the details, ponder the making of. <br<br>
Stone also likes to put on shows that leaves the audience wondering and wanting more. She finds this approach parallel to education. You see, her work ties in with academic education because like her own work, you should leave school not with better answers, but with better questions. <br><br>

Unfortunately Stone does not perform in the U.S as often as she does in European countries. She discusses that the reasons for this is because the United States lacks artistic validity. She says that European countries are more “savvy when it comes to experimentation” of the arts. Her proof is that most European countries save public money designated for public art as well as money for schools that teach the profession of art. On the other hand, the U.S is much more conservitive when it comes to art, technology and art theory. I do agree with this because even though I have not experienced the educational system in Europe, I have experienced the lack there of here in the U.S. I remember growing up in elementary and middle school art was always the subject that was threatened to be removed if funding were to get too low. <br><br>

Stone talks about the parallels between low-bandwidth and hackers. She says that while hackers try to hide their legal name to protect themselves from authorities, they are also building communities with their aliases. They want to be unknown but known. Regardless of how sophisticated the technology becomes, there will always be a sophisticated hacker to break the code, its a never ending cycle. 
