Issue 28 Switch New Media Journal<br> 
<br>INSPIRATION AND REALIZATION<br>
<br>
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html%3Fp=616.html<br>
In the topic of inspiration and realization Shannon Wright outlines her internal mechanisms for her art making process. She starts off by quoting Wendell Berry who breaks down the process of art making into two muses, the first being the muse of inspiration, and the second the muse of realization. Wendell states “the Muse of Inspiration, who gives us inarticulate visions and desires, and the Muse of Realization, who returns again and again to say, “It is yet more difficult than you thought.” Shannon then takes these muses and breaks them down into two stages of art making by the same name and theme. Her process is tweaked a bit where the Muse or stage of Inspiration is more of a rule set to follow keeping her thought processes inline to create appealing meaningful work before even drafting it. The second is a splurge of interrupted work time where most of her time was spend making and adjusting the rules of inspiration to tasks that are more manageable and realistic. This stage was named the Realization stage in where she would attempt to create her exhibitions in a realistic amount of time, material and work produced. It is here Where Shannon gets more grounded in her creative process and to a point spends a month of 14-24 hour days obsessing on how she can bring about her work in a fashion that will ultimately be successful. <br>
Shannon Wright was a recent instructor of mine and I found this article interesting because her teaching style seems to be based around the Inspiration and Realization content of her writing. The act of spacing out a set of time to commit to the work with a set of boundaries to guide the creative process is a skill that I need to refine. My own creative process is more of a shot in the dark than the conscious effort she puts into hers, where she calls it the Inspiration and realization process. For art making during her sabbatical she sets out a group of rules that guide her creation. the harsh realitiy that if something doesn’t interest her it won’t get a response form its viewers. The set of rules are inward facing and for the most part don’t rely on how others react to her work but foremost how she will react to it. That is one of the more difficult parts for my creative process, where first I think “what do people expect from me” when she seems to ask the question “what do I expect from myself?” In the reading Shannon never asked that question specifically but phases in Shannon’s Thoughts on the Inspiration Stage reference her own perception of the work heavily even before drafting the piece has started. Moving forward in my own process, this guiding the inspiration stage through heavy inward thinking will ultimately slow but I believe help my process. Here’s hoping. </p>
