<a href="http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html%3Fp=566.html"> HONESTY </a>
<p>The one that impressed me the most is about the “honesty” in game. Usually, a game has its meaning, or use; however, most of popular games on the market now are often for people to feel happy and relaxed, because these two feelings will make the player addicted. Once more and more people play it, the game company gets profits. The games mentioned by the author is different from the game we often play. It usually appears when you don't need to be connected to the internet. From a business perspective, the game must be based on creating new things, which is totally against what author said, because the company needs to attract people to play their games. However, imagine that if the company tells people that their game is the focus on "honest", it seems a bit boring, to me at least. People usually tell consumers: see how different our games are, you will see these or those that you have never seen in other games before (creative things). </p>
<p>People are experiencing all different kinds of things in their lives. Some people play games even for “escaping”t the reality. Then why do they choose an honest game to go back to reality when they have a choice to get rid of their real life? On the other hand, "honesty" is also seem to be a creative element in the game. Because, as I said, most games are not created based on "honesty". In the game examples given by the author, these games all seem to come from a certain story, or let the player create a story. It is undeniable that when people first see the theme of the game and first play it, they will think it is very unique, but after playing several times, such game will become exhausting.</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<a href="http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html%3Fp=571.html"> THE FUTURE OF GAMING </a> 
<p>In “The Future of Gaming”, the author focuses on the virtual world of the game has a sort of connection to our real life. Nowadays, when people talk about games, it's common to talk about "a game makes them spend a lot of money", where the money refers to the money in real life. Most online games now have some kinds of temptation to make people spend a lot of money to get virtual currency in the game. Many people have experienced this kind of conversion. For example, the weapons in the game need a certain amount of game currency to buy, and the game currency can only come from real money, like currency exchange. This perfectly combines reality and virtuality. However, the combination of reality and virtuality is not only showed in the currency in game. Pokemon Go, which was very popular in the past few years, even now, and its predecessor, Ingress, which from the same company, used satellite positioning to combine real-world maps with their gaming mechanics, and all of this happened on mobile phones. We see people playing games with their mobile phones anytime and anywhere, because it is using GPS. Players will walk around with their phones to achieve their game goals. These refer to the essential combination of real life and virtual game. Of course, there is always an ideological injection. Many games are inspired and by things happening in real life or existing objects, or created for them. This combination usually occurs in boardgames, such as Secret hitler.</p>
