	#1 Information on the internet: 
Web Tribes by Joseph Squire resinated with me because I remember the days of slow loading speeds and half loaded media that would abstract the main image. During those days as a child, I was always curious as to how my art work would look if I had created something onto the Web. Although Web tribes may have been written in the past, there are still many elements of the reading that haven’t changed. This text seems like it was written around the very early 2000’s era, but still can apply today because of the potential of the internet and its ability to progress in the future. As I read, I noticed that Squire added links to some words such as fascinated and ambivalent. These links would take me to another reading, understanding the authors ideas more about these hyperlink words in relation to the web. The fascinated html page spoke to me because it talked about being aware of some of the personal assumptions that can hinder the exploiting certain qualities of the web. For me, this would be equivalent of avoiding certain code or debugging processes. 
The job of the web tribe is to create an idea of community through art and action, and to visually represent our existence. The web tribe will help shape the future of the internet but perhaps to accumulate artists that will contribute in artistically encouraging new content, designs and opportunity. Squire as his own early web tribe member has done a great job at expressing web art through his own web essay format. As I dug deeper and deeper into his links, it took me through different looking html pages with the same content. His ideas of expanding format and graphics are an attempt to crack the shell of what the normal internet page can potentially build upon. The whole idea of internet tribe for me is relatable in my own practice, as I look for a new line between the arts I create today and the arts that exists. Although Squires vision of the web was quite optimistic, I feel that the potential of internet space is still being discovered and played with today. There are many web tribes today and sometimes it feels like there is a master user that controls what we see and how we see them. What would it look like if google didn’t control everything today? Will the future only care about money being the root of all motives, using advertising and google as tools to regroup and capitalize off these tribes?
	#1 Virtual Reality brief introduction Leda Kanellakos on Nov 30 1994
The virtual reality phase is already taking over as we see video conferences already being used widely today. The manipulation of the environment is slowly being taken over by electronics such as high definition television and projectors that are all babies of the VR technology. The reading states that old manual formats such as letters would be replaced with emails, which indeed is seen today. The state of virtual reality today lies within an eye gadget that takes one vision and surrounds the environment through electronic visuals, these devices can take us to complete new worlds or abstract what we see. In the everyday life, I see some things as phantom as the reality that the VR provides. For example, I can’t believe everything I see therefor I choose not to believe the things that represented through these baby VR mediums. Although what we see may seem to be real or actual, I believe that these baby VR technologies will never completely brain wash our biological and personal senses on what we believe is real or not. As dangerous as this sounds, hopefully we do not see News companies fabricate or stage fake realities to control the population, through enticing virtual reality visuals. The current state of technology for VR is still limited but the environment controls and graphics are becoming drastically convincing to the human perception.
