<h1>Reading 1: "The Telepresent Tug of War" by Michael Weisert</h1>
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/mambo/switch22/the_telepresent_tug_of_war.html
<br><br>
In Switch 25, Michael Weisert writes "The Telepresent Tug of War", where he goes into detail about the art of the duel, and the pride that comes with it. He connects a tug of war to a traditional "duel to the death", which consisted of two people either fighting each other or buying a champion to fight for them. What is interesting about the comparison is that both challenges, tug of war and duels, bring up the same sense of the aformentioned pride. Pride ends up being the biggest reason a lot of people try to do these challegnes, whether it is for a game or life and death. I have grown up in a home where pride was taught to be one of the worst things you can have, considering that pride brings ruin to everyone around it. You look at the duels Weisert brought up, and a lot of these duels are of disagreements. And when the duel ends in a draw, it is shameful, like it was the duelist's pride and honor on the line rather than a disagreement and "being wrong"
<br><br>
The article made an interesting point on how duels were arguably the first kind of performance art in San Francisco, which brings up the question for me "is any spectacle considered art?" and "what makes something art?". Does something have to be seen if it is to be considered art, or can it be art and have a purpose at the same time? The idea that art can be anything is still something I struggle to get my head around, and this article doesn't really help with making the scope of art smaller. Some teachers say that something mustn't have a purpose to be considered art, but this article says that something can have purpose. The entirety of the scope alludes my understanding, and I think I would much rather stick with my own practice than figure out the intricacies of art.
