Reading One: Are You There? by Liz Solo

  “Virtual space is free space. In some ways it is the wild west, the unknown territory.” – Liz Solo. VR is a new frontier in which society has barely stepped foot in. VR is a canvas, a society, a means of study and work, an entire universe based yet limited by the code that allows for its existence. Upon reading the article I was reminded of a book titled Death’s End by Cixin Liu; the book describes a bubble universe that is limited in size yet infinite through loops. The bubble universe contained its own parameters for which its inhabitants can live upon; there is access to and from the bubble universe and the regular universe through a single door in which life from both ends can permeate. In a similar fashion, VR is its own universe set in rule by code, accessed through VR goggles, and shared between the virtual and the real world through content and the presence of the human mind – at least for now. At this point it becomes easy to imagine ourselves living in a virtual universe/simulation just as Elon Musk once stated. 
  
  I became interested in the aspect of the human presence within the virtual space. Such as how our entire presence in VR is our mind and the sensory organs in our head except for taste and smell. However, all the sensations of the human body can be perceived through illusion such as how a painting can make a viewer feel certain ways as well as recall different memories and the accompanied sensations such as taste and smell. Liz Solo was introduced to VR through a virtual platform called OnLive Traveler as a talking head and was able to feel immersed in a space even without her body. What if we were able to achieve complete realism in VR such as the movie Ready Player One? 

  Solo was able to perform several art pieces one being a virtual marriage complete with an audience and another a two year long pregnancy. Despite the infinite possibilities of VR Solo decided to recreate real world events which I think is important in the study of human behavior. Do people act the way they do in real life compared to the virtual world? How will the evolution of VR affect societal norms within the virtual world and the real world? It is difficult to make judgement without having ever tried VR myself (specifically in attendance of a community based platform) but I believe people will act in VR as they do now in video games that is in accordance to the rules and mechanics of the game. Take Grand Theft Auto for example. There are players who try to play the game by the rules of the real world, such as driving unlike a maniac, but missions and minimal enforcement eventually give way to driving like one. Alternatively, I believe people will act in VR as they do in real life that is as free as possible under the constraint of rules, societal norms, and the limitations of the code itself. 
