
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v27/index.html%3Fp=438.html
Article: Virtual Worlds and the Collapse of Metaphor
In this article, it discusses on how the frameworks and tools we create in art are how we see and define ourselves as. It also states how the virtual world environment seems to detach from the meaning of being human beings. This caught my interest because I do agree in that virtual environments allows us to distract ourselves from reality in order to focus into the artificial environment. My interpretation of this article is that humans tend to immerse to the virtual environment in a quick manner that they seem to adapt to it as if it was their own world. I would not necessarily consider virtual worlds to be compelling but more of a way to because engaged with art itself. As technology advances, virtual worlds are becoming more engaging. I feel like this would be beneficial for all of us, including those who do not identify themselves as artists because it allows us to become part of the art piece by interacting with it. It also allows more creativity by having the audience experience the virtual world in their own way. Each interaction varies within each person, making it an artwork itself. The only part I disagree with is when it stated how in some point of time, people might forget which world is real or not. I believe if virtual worlds become more common, people would be more experience when traveling within the virtual worlds. 
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/mambo/switch_21/ladyboys_.html
Article: Ladyboys
As for this article, it describes about using your own body as an art piece. I agree with this because I also believe that our bodies are works of art in the sense that we can use our bodies to create a story without having to talk or write it. Our body is an empty canvas but it is up to us in how we represent our body. We can enhance it, creating a more improved version of it. However, there is a bit of taboo towards nudity, particularly towards men’s body. In figure drawing, there are more female models and “Ladyboys” than male models. A possible reason for this is because of the issue with what is masculinity. In other words, some believe they are not up to the standards of visual beauty, especially since a woman’s figure is seen as a sexual icon, or a demanding image.  Therefore more men who identify themselves as a woman or want to be are being hired more than those who identify themselves as men. Personally, I find this to be disappointing because for one everybody is different. Gender roles and expectations should not be involved in art because art is to express themselves, not to please others (unless you do intend to amuse others with your art, then there is nothing wrong with that). Something that makes me a bit downhearted is how they use the term Ladyboy instead of transgender woman. I think it is more respectful if they use transgender woman than ladyboy. 

