1. Audio Nonlocation: Collaborating Over Distance, Rob Riddle on Jan 1 2000

This topic of "collaborating over distance" interested me because I was immediately reminded of software I use often such as Discord or Google Drive to communicate and work on projects with other people who are sometimes strangers. The discussion of the MP3 format file and how it can both be a hindrance and a benefit for musicians made me think about the problems and advantages I encounter while using today's technology. I believe that it is a lot easier to communicate with people, strangers or not, compared to back then because we have the option of getting real-time feedback by using any type of video or voice chat service, or we can give ourselves time to look and think things over by using file-sharing programs, so that we don't feel the pressure of having to respond right away to someone who's waiting with you. It makes me wonder how, as technology develops, these issues will either continue to persist or create new ones. Also, how do developers decide what issues need to be addressed/fixed in their software?

2. Low Tech/High Concept: Global Events Shift Ideas about Technology and Art, Jenny Hager on Mar 10 2003

It was interesting comparing today's society to that of 15 years ago when people had become reluctant to technology advancements because of 9/11. Anywhere you look today you'll see people glued to their phones and other devices. It also means they are less connected to others on a physical level, and use the virtual experience as a buffer or crutch from having to physically interact. However, when you compare it to society from over a decade ago, you'd see people wanting to experience things in the natural world like how the article mentions Lunenfeld wanting to ride a bike over a motorcycle because he didn't want a machine being the one to move/motivate him. I wonder what kind of event, and on what scale, would need to happen for us to go back to preferring low-tech objects and systems.
