Virtual Celluloid - Issue 02 – Sep 01, 1995

This issue talks about the concept of virtual reality in films throughout history and what its role represents. The article references many movies such as Johnny Mnemnonic, Virtuosity, The Net, and Disclosure; and explain how each interpretation and use of virtual reality varies in different ways. Starting with Mnemnonic, starring Keanu Reeves, tells a story about a man giving up a chunk of his memory to smuggle computer data. In terms of virtual reality, the film explores the idea through headsets, very much like how we have now. Virtuosity explores more into artificial intelligence as a cop (Denzel Washington) seeks his freedom by hunting down a serial killer built on a computer housed in a silicon body. As for The Net, Sandra Bullock’s character loses her identity over the computer and was given an unflattering profile by the people out to get her. Disclosure focuses around the idea of creating a world without gender or race. They make more progressive references towards the internet and VR. 
While the stories are different, there are many themes surrounding VR and the cyberworld that are a common thread in all of them. What I find interesting is the dynamic use of the concept through narrative. We often find ourselves associating VR with the concept of Big Brother, or at least we can make those connections. The article discusses the relevance of VR in film as an excellent turn of the century villain. Taking into consideration the time that this article was written, its unique that VR (now a reality in 2019) was interpreted in villainous ways. I mean who doesn’t like a story about AI, take 2001 A Space Odyssey. I am curious to know whether or not this view of VR would translate to this time in a similar manor. 

