Article 1: Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing, Professor S. Farsad on May 1 1996

I was immediately intrigued when I saw the title “Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing.” More and more we see headlines that proclaim that humanity is moving towards a world in which we will coexist with artificial intelligence. While the idea is interesting, I personally do not see a way in which artificial love could ever come close to the real deal. It is very possible that in the near future robots and such will displace human workers. However, that is possible because the roles that they will fulfill are very technical and straightforward. On the other hand, the experience of falling in love is a much more complicated process.

According to Stendhal’s manual, Love, which follows the process of falling in love, there are seven stages that lead to true love. They are: admiration, hope, birth of love, doubt, first crystallization, love is solidified, and second crystallization. The ability to feel and reciprocate emotions is something that is considered very human. As it stands, there are currently no other animals with such an advanced and expanded sense of emotions as humans. If other animals have not yet evolved to experience that, I do not see how these sensations could possibly be input into something that is not even truly alive.

However, that isn’t to say that artificial intelligences cannot fool people into thinking that they understand and experience love. I do believe that artificial intelligences could possibly get to a level in which they are able to understand the dictionary definition of love. They could be programmed to behave in ways that are considered acts of love but would still lack the depth and capability to understand and feel the true emotion that humans possess. However, I don’t think this will deter those who are attracted to artificial intelligence. Those who lack affection and attention from real humans in their life would be more susceptible to getting attached to something artificial, and in their mindview, this form of “love” would seem real.

This leads me to another tangent - perhaps the verdict on whether or not artificial love is real is subjective. This would depend on each person’s own definition of what love is and what defines when it is real. Even if I consider love from an artificial form of life to be fake, it could be considered real in its own way to those that believe so.

Still, never say never. I will not completely rule out the slim possibility of artificial intelligences somehow managing to fully comprehend and feel human emotions. The rate at which technology has advanced has been incredible, and somewhat scary, to witness. The technology that we have created has gotten to a point where it is so advanced that we ourselves often do not fully understand how they function. This leads me to think that at some point there could be new and unexpected ways in which different parts of technology interact. When this happens, humans could overlook or miss these things in our ignorance, allowing these new technological combinations to create something new. And who knows? Maybe something new will be able to come close to humanity.

-

Article 2: Arts, Crafts, and Globalization: Databases of art and crafts will be more complete and in greater richness than was possible, Steve Cisler on Jan 20 2000

I once read a book about globalization. It was titled Globalization & Media: Global Village of Babel by Jack Lule. In his book, Lule defines globalization as “anytime anyone does anything anywhere across borders” and states that globalization promises to bring people together through a common culture and shared interests. This article reminded me of that book, as the two tread the same subject, both overlapping in some aspects and sharing different insights in other ways.

In the article, Cisler discusses the “rapid and rich interchange of ideas, technology, food, media, consumer items, weapons, drugs, and people.” There is much globalization present in our daily lives, but we barely notice it. The laptop that I am using to type this up right now was first thought up in an American company. Then, the blueprints were sent overseas to be manufactured in China. The clothes I am wearing were all produced in different countries. These are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to globalization and how much of it really impacts our lives.

Cisler hones in specifically on the subject of art and globalization and explains how art has long been viewed as part of an individual and a culture’s identity. However, globalization’s part in shaping art has to be taken into consideration. While globalization can influence and inspire art, it can also cheapen and dilute it. An example of the former would be the Beatles influencing the American music industry. They were a British band, and when they exploded on the American scene, they also carried over parts of their culture. This led to influence and inspiration. An example of the latter is provided in the article. Cisler recalls a time he was visiting Indonesia. There, he saw an abundance of Mexican art crafts being sold. This is a cheap and diluted version of Mexican art and culture. This is not to say that art cannot be shared. It can, but it must be done with the utmost care and diligence in order to preserve its significance.

Overall, I think that globalization is a positive force for art. Without the sharing and exchange of ideas from different people from all around the world, art would stagnate. There’s so much that can be learned from each other, so there’s no reason to limit ourselves to just one way of thinking or one culture’s ideas. This is especially important for POC cultures to be able to get their voices out there. We are currently seeing a push towards diversity in every sector, and globalization has played a hand in making that happen. A major example of globalization allowing POC to rise to prominence is the case of BTS. BTS is a Korean pop group that started off small in their native country. Through the internet, word about them spread rapidly across multiple social media platforms. Eventually, they became so well known across the globe that they shattered many records never before held by Asian artists. This is a case that is near and dear to my heart - as an Asian American, seeing the success of a group of all Asian musicians is gratifying. It shows how globalization is a crucial part to the growth of humanity.
