Virtual Reality has existed since the 90s and has continued on slowly making its way to the contemporary form that VR headsets has taken. From the HTC VIVE or Oculus Rifts, virtual reality has become more popular with the release of headset VR in the gaming industry. Despite the new wave of interest there are many similar issues that has been raised in the past are still concerns in the present. Such concerns have been addressed in the article by Switch, VR Dirt and Other Stuff, the physiological, psychological, and the user interface of Virtual Reality using Head-Mounted Displays.

While Switch has addressed that users of HMD VR have suffered from “eye strain, motion sickness, (and) sopite syndrome” in the 90s, these are still issues contemporary virtual reality can have bad tracking and prolonged usage can cause these conditions from person to person. I personally do not get motion sick from virtual reality, I do get motion sickness from turbulent car and boat trips. While using virtual reality I have not gotten sopite syndrome either. The worst problem I have with HMD headsets are cords not being long enough bumping into the wall on accident trying to reach for something in VR. 

As for the psychological aspect of VR, not everything that was said in the article is necessarily true anymore. Violence games do not have correlation to aggressive behavior as indicated in the scholarly article, Violent Video Games: Myths, Facts, and Unanswered Questions from the American Psychological Association, in 2003. This can be applied to anything that exhibits violence. Regardless, considering the concern of VR’s effects on user’s social behaviors, we do not have done enough research on these topics. There have been studies on how VR can affect children. In a 2018 study by stanford, children requiring surgery have used VR headsets and have reduced anxiety about their surgeries as well as needed less sedatives. This study is a recent discover and we do not know the full implications of what VR could help or harm us.

On the user interface side of things, companies have been dedicating more research and individual positions to think more critically about the user experience through VR applications. The way you interact with the virtual spaces are currently being redesigned and shaped by the current and future developers of VR.

In the Switch article, not much is said about feedback as there was not much beyond just the HMD. More research has been done into user interfaces and haptics have become a stable to the VR experience. Since the technology has had 20 years to mature, new companies continue to come out with more immersive technologies to aid the VR experience. Companies like the Infinadeck and HaptX have created an omnidirectional treadmill and advanced haptic gloves respectively. The omnidirectional treadmill allows the user to literally walk around a virtual environment. HaptX’s advance haptic gloves allow users to individually feel every touch with tactors, little pockets on the gloves, that expand and contract to simulate different locations of touch. Beyond individual touch, the company has also been able to simulate heat and cold pumping hot or cold fluids through the gloves. Even if the equipment is clunky or not aesthetically designed well yet it shows promise of what could be.

In conclusion, VR still has similar concerns as the past but there is promise those problems to be solved. VR has the chance to take virtual interactions such as through a phone and make them more tangible to the user. Users will have more feedback response to the virtual reality an

After reading VR Dirt and Other Stuff, I read Virtual Reality a brief introduction again by Switch. It is interesting to see what VR was described as in the past as how some aspects have changed with new developments. I do not think that VR is going to be 60% of the market anytime soon as VR is still quite expensive. Maybe when it becomes more affordable to have a VR system. Even the cheaper devices are not as immersive as we would like to. The more immersive a VR experience is the higher the cost grows. Despite the costs, users can get a cheap version of VR through their smartphone devices. They are lighter in weight and do not cost anything more than many an application purchase. 

VR still allows people to jump into a whole other environment, still providing an interactive experience. VR still requires some sort of similar equipment but it does not require the whole suit that was used in the 90s. It only requires trackers, controllers, and a headset. As technology has increased computer graphics have increased in resolution to be more realistic.

As in the article, it is still funny how people thought of VR has being a motive of travelling rather than going into fantasy worlds. The article states that people can alter their appearance but I doubt that it will be the realistic way that people want to look. As people can be animals or inanimate objects it takes fantasy to the next level.

