Monica Munoz



  The two articles I chose to write about are Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing by and The Straw that Broke the Museum's Back-Collecting and Preserving Digital Media Art Works for the Next Century. 
	After reading the title of the first article, I immediately thought to myself how important and complex is the long-term preservation of Digital Media-based art. The writer outlined major scenarios in which preservation can be accomplished. With that being said, it is not an easy task. There are a lot of factors that come into conserving hard worked art. Additionally, the way digital media art is maintained can hugely impact the art and museum community. I found it interesting that in a high tech world, preservation of digital media art is a major concern. However, taking into consideration of how digital art is produced, it would be very unlikely to have art remain in its original state. The formats undertaken by digital media are without a doubt extremely fragile. 
	Also, considering that Digital media art do come in a widespread of environments, it is vastly significant to really determine a proper way to maintain its existence. In my opinion, I think that in order to keep hard working art, migration is perhaps the safest way to achieve it. The idea of just copying and saving sounds like a safer bet. Although it might not be the best one.
	The second article from the switch archive was quite an interesting read to me. The idea that artificial love can be conducted to prove that it's possible is not entirely absurd. It made me question about the authenticity of real love. If love can be actually forced or set up, is true love actually genuine? I believe that the study made is very much arranged in a way that makes it easier to fall in love. Interesting enough, we have heard and seen many examples of similar cases in which couples have been subjected to arranged marriages. In many cases, people that have been in these situations, have fallen in love. I think this is due to many characteristics that serve as persuasion. For example, if a couple is charismatic to one another, the chances of loving happening are greater. 
	When it comes down to artificial life loving, I believe that it would be much easier to produce. The fact that it could be programmed to perform certain tasks, it can easily follow the steps mentioned by the article. I also agree that if artificial life were to experience love in the future, then it would reproduce much faster. Love is something that many have said to experience. However, I think that love is much more complex. It works in mysterious ways. Additionally, I think that there are many factors that don't correlate with what love may seem to someone. For instance, love is interpreted differently for everyone. It takes people to feel certain emotions at different levels. Perhaps thats the reason why subject D did not fall in love with subject S. 
        
