In the article, “Are You There?” by Lizo Solo discusses how she utilizes virtual 3d spaces as well as character customization in her work. Lizo Solo is a performance artist and she uses internet based software to communicate and connect with others in her work. This also allowed collaboration with other artists, friends, and people she has met. In the article she explains that she’s used OnLive Traveler, an internet based virtual world software. It allows a group of people to socialize and navigate through 3D spaces. In addition, there is emotive lip synching 3D head avatars. So when someone talked on the mic, the avatar’s lips start to move too. There is also a spatial sound with 3D navigation, so whenever someone would move around the characters, you can hear someone talking louder as you get closer to them. What this software reminds me of is VRchat that's being used today. It is an online multiplayer online virtual reality social platform. People are able to create, publish, and explore virtual worlds. The difference in this is that players can use virtual reality headsets that give a much fuller immersive experience. 

What's significant about this is communicating with people and the sense of community. Watching AVATARA, the first documentary of an avatar community, I’ve heard that what made it so great for people was that they got to meet different people. Not everyone interacts the same way in real life, so this familiar space creates a conversation between strangers. One user has said that they never talk much at all in real life, but when they use OnLive Traveler, it helped them become social and create conversations with actual people. It’s almost like a simulation that helps the user experience a real time event of talking to someone IRL. Another user also said that they had a conversation with people of different IQ that discussed ways of solving all world problems. People are able to learn new things and there’s a free space of expression. There’s also character customization and what makes that significant is it gives a uniqueness about someone or something. It affects how the person uses that character and how others act around them. Immersive worlds give different experiences when navigating through a virtual world where it might be a jungle, in outer space, or other worlds. What’s also to consider is what it means to be in a virtual community. There are terms of services, guidelines, and policies and it’s important for people who built these communities have a voice. 

In the article, “No Limitations: Tania Mourad” by Nichole Weirich discusses French artist Tania Mourad’s works, and the method of creating art using digital technology as her medium. Tania doesn’t worry so much about the technical details in her work, but focuses more on composition, colors, and results. The take away from reading this article is be able to use technology as a tool without having to create so much restrictions in terms of editing, or worrying about the details of an art piece. To be able to just use the tool, and just having fun is what makes the art playful and more experimental. What's important is that it also allows artists to learn new methods and form different styles from taking a chance.

