This is the folder for reading one.

ARE YOU THERE?

http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html%3Fp=531.html

Are You There is an article published in the year 2013, by performance artist Liz Solo. Liz Solo also considers herself as a Virtual Interventionist, where she did several collaboration projects that breaks into different virtual games and explore different roles of technology.

I was impressed because I didn’t know about the existence of OnLive Traveller, a virtual game that already been invented in 1996. With OnLive Traveller, people could meet on the internet from all over the world with different avatars. According to the artist, the greatest feature of OnLive Traveller was its real time voice interface, and that “it gave you a sense of intimacy, a real feeling of telepresence”. What appears interesting to me is the fact that humans have been longing for a sense of intimacy, ever since a long time ago and it never actually changed. It makes me think, with virtual spaces, it’s easier for people to get intimate because they get rid off their identities in reality, and have something new that represents them (ex. a box, a face, an irregular shape... etc). In virtual spaces like OnLive Traveller, everyone is equally pure and have a fresh start, no one is holding a judgement to the others for their appearance / social class, it’s a perfect utopian world. 

Then the article comes to a discussion of Second Life. Liz Solo says, “For some people in the world these virtual spaces are the only places anywhere for envisioning and experiencing a peaceful world.” I understand it, but still can’t 100% agree with it. To me, somehow, I think virtual spaces cannot co-exist with reality peacefully. Imagine people eventually live their lives in virtual spaces, that’s when people start losing the sensual parts of human beings. Like the artist says, the desire to live in virtual spaces comes from the fact that “we all inherently desire to control our own destiny and to exercise freedom within our communities”. But doesn’t it also show our fear of the fact that we cannot control our own destiny? Virtual spaces is a space for us to avoid reality, or romanticize it, but we have to go back to it anyway.
I also believe that without reality, virtual spaces couldn’t exist. We have to acknowledge that the virtual spaces were built upon reality. I think people are not just in love with virtual world, but rather in love with it intertwined with the reality.



PAINTING DATA: WHEN ART GOES VIRTUAL

http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html%3Fp=520.html

Oberon Onmura, the author of the article discusses the role of the art when it comes to the virtual environment. If artists are considered agent of creation, the content of creation becomes very questionable and critical in virtual environment. In fine art, turning paint into painting is the process of creating something, there’s a “craftsmanship” there, but how about virtual? There’s only data, and the process can not be seen. Even show the process to the audience, the majority of them will not understand. I think this is the reason why people are being hyper-critical on digital art today (compare to fine art), and why some people still can’t define virtual art as “art” in general. 

The article reminds me of one of my favorite artists Jacolby Satterwhite, who’s a new media artist, he combines lots of his performances into his 3d animation. His life and art style was deeply influenced by his mom, therefore he creates a virtual world that full of color, twisty people, and sorrow. I enjoy his virtual world, and think in order to reach its story-telling and complex atmosphere, it can only be expressed through such virtual material. I don’t think any other material can replace it.

I also found inspiring when the author says, “Digital information is, by definition, infinitely replicable, and so cannot be thought of as unique in the sense that only one exists in the world. What is unique, instead, is the artist’s ability to organize patterns of data in such a way that they are recognizable as the work of – and only of – that artist.” For a long time, I’ve been trapped by the question “what’s real art”, but now I learned that literally everyone could come up with their own definition. What the author said about “uniqueness” is possibly what closest to the answer in my heart. If a painting can be unique in anyway, so does virtual. People use different materials to convey an idea, and it never should be limited to the material we can “see” or “touch”. When art comes to virtual, in fact, it’s something more complex, more obscure, more surreal, within the data the uniqueness already restored. Perhaps, it’s still something we are not yet done exploring, and something beyond our understanding. We need to learn to trust it first, rather than doubt at it. 
