Alice Rawsthorn describes good design as an influence to our world and how the small factors can greatly affect our lives. When a good design occurs, no one questions the look or function of it and continues to make our life more convenient. Therefore, happier times and peace within the community. Bad design however, can lead to a lot of outburst and complain that leaves a mark on that company or person who designed it. An example of bad design would be Apple’s Macbook Pro butterfly keyboards. They are infamous to have three generations of these keyboard switches that claim to have “fixed” the issue, but have repeatedly failed on all generations making them lose that quality insurance that Macbook Pro laptops use to have. In instances like that, consumers will always forever remember how Apple has failed in that aspect and even if they do succeed in designing a great keyboard, the damage has already been done which resulted in them losing a lot of their faithful customers.

The reading goes on about evolution of design and how one thing leads to another. Such example is Amiee Mullins and her prosthetics. Her first iteration of prosthetic legs were made of wood that were heavy and painful. It was difficult to attach to her thigh and caused a lot of circulation loss in her legs. Eventually the biomechatronic team developed a more efficient prosthetic that gave her more comfort and ability to partake in athletic activities, some say even giving an advantage towards other runners. The process was interesting on how she evolved the design of it. At first, she had claimed it was an unfortunate turn of events and thought she would have to live her life in misery, but then she was determined in finding a solution in designing a pair of legs to meet her expectations. Thus, she worked with a bunch of engineers and artists to craft the final products. Ones designed for daily activities, another for sports, and another made of silicon to look realistic.

The article goes on to discuss the design of a soccer ball and how it greatly affected the match and millions of people that cared for the match. An example that I can relate to this would be tennis courts and racquets. In the old days, most professionals adopted the serve and volley tactic where they could finish the point with a booming serve. However, racquet technology were developing and giving players more power and spin. Because of this, the final of Wimbledon match between Pete Sampras and Goran Ivanisevic was viewed as boring to the public because of the very few rallies. To combat this, courts were designed to absorb more of the impact to make the ball bounce higher and the tennis balls more fuzzier to travel slower. This design eventually killed the serve and volley tactic as players were developing more ways of hitting the ball with more power and spin, resulting in most matches duking out on the baseline. However, tennis has reached an all time popularity now with more people interested in watching the sport as rallies last much longer now.
