The article Why Good Design Matters by Alice Rawsthorn addresses several occasions where design has truly made a difference in an individual, a group, and even an entire society. Aimee Mullins, a double amputee and prosthetic designer found a major flaw in wooden prosthetics and made it her life’s mission to not only solve the problem, but to make it artwork. Similarly, Hugh herr, also double amputee designed prosthetics that even put him at an advantage as a mountain climber. Design has also proven to be a huge asset in the World Cup FIFA competitions because its essential that the ball behave exactly the same whenever a player interacts with it. Which is almost an impossible task because things beyond human control changes the physics of the ball, such as altitude; therefore having a huge home court advantage. Then of course there are times which design can truly change the future of an entire society. Rawsthorn uses the 2000 Presidential election as her example which in this case the design of the voting ballots caused an entire state’s votes to be recounted manually and possibly leaving to a false candidate being elected president. Regardless if a design affects an individual or if it affects an entire society for eight years, design is important. The majority of us interacts with the product of good design every single day. We drive to work in a vehicle that was tested in every way to ensure our safety. We place our kids in car seats that have been redesigned over and over again because we value the lives of these young humans. We cross bridges that were once in pieces after an earthquake because designers never wanted to see such a tragedy be brought by an earthquake. A designer’s  job is not to make one perfect design and then move on to the next thing. Their job is to create and recreate a design to meet the needs of consumers and users. 
