Why Design Matters 
<br>Rawsthorn made a point in tis reading to over stress the importance of design as a functional piece. With the first story he referenced a designer that was stuck in a makeshift design lab in order to get a product finished on schedule. This is an extremist example when it comes to how important design is. While I do agree with him that profit more than most factors marked the reason why the designer chose to go to such measures to get the job done. Practically I think pushing the due date back a few weeks or month because of a viral outbreak would have been an acceptable course of action. That designer over all else chose to risk his life in the name of profits for the company and get the design done. This confuses me on a few levels because the opening story of Rawsthorns argument is that design matters over life that part is one I don’t wholly agree with. <br>
<br>While on a less extreme level Rawsthorn dives into the life of Aimee Mullins, American actor, model, athlete double amputee. This is where I wholly agree with Rawsthorn and Mullins that this is a scenario where design comes into a critical collision with a person’s life. Going the through the technology of prosthetic limbs through Mullis life brought a point to why design matters in the round. From her first mentioned pair that was not even waterproof or comfortable enough to allow a child go swimming to her collection 14 pairs for difference uses and occasions. Without a common mind of design in her and the designers she worked with, it would have not pushed the technology as far as it is today. Where even in some sense she has made herself become less human or augmented with the help of design and her imagination. This is a clear reason to why design is important to the world on the individual and, the all-encompassing level. People not have a chance at living normal lives that otherwise they couldn’t if it weren’t for the presented design aspects. This has brought design to the forefront of how they interact with the world around them, even the pushed them to accomplish feats in sports that originally were difficult for the most seasoned athletes. Allowing Mullins to be taller or have the appearance of organic legs heave weigh the importance of design with out going to the extremes like the first entry.<br> 
<br>The third entry credits the designer of the modern-day soccer ball with a power that borders on the world controlling features that would make the best supervillain envious. Designing the perfect soccer ball is more than making a circle, from the reading multiple attempts have been made to reshape the ball in a way that many believe to be the deciding factor in some of the biggest soccer rivalries to date. Where one change in the stitching fabric or material makeup changes entire attitudes and physics around the ball. In torments goalies complained that no only was the ball to smooth when designed to be more waterproof also the behavior was erratic in nature and too submissible to changes in weather or even altitude. With the state the way it is around soccer especially, it makes since why you want both teams to be in an even court before a game is decided. The designs in the ball takes the admission of its creators and holds them responsible for the outcome of the game. Understandably so if the ball behaves differently with every rendition. This entire article drives home the idea that design is what makes or breaks so many features of out lives that it needs to be on the front of upcoming technology. 
