<p>The article mentions some practical and novel designs that some artists have developed to solve the problems for others. In my opinion, these designs are prominent and different because they are designed when people were in a hopeless and desperate situation. Because the process of design is always a process of innovation, creation, and invention. w\e often hear people say: The design was invented for the lazy. After reading this article, I found that they were right. Many designs are designed to serve humans. In the article, whether it is designed because of the spread of the NARS virus, or designed for a variety of prosthetic limbs, or designed for the airport that convenient visitors to identify the signs.</p>
<br>
<p>I think of an article I have read before: Hendren’s article, “All Technology is Assistive”, there is a list of some art objects for helping the disabled to achieve what they are not able to do due to their disabilities. Just like Mullins lives without the lower limbs, all her movements were achieved with the help of prosthetic limbs. Her prosthetic limbs have been constantly updated to make her life be more like a “normal” person, even more powerful than normal person. After reading the story of Mullins, I found that her prosthetic design made her imperfections very unique and outstanding. For example, people who are intact in the limbs can only experience the combination of body, bones, and nerves of our human beings, and can never experience the different materials of prosthetics designed for various functions like what Mulins did.</p>
<br>
<p>What makes me resonate is when the author describes the airport design. I think the architectural style, size and decoration of an airport are really important. It represents the city, but it is also important to let the visitors clearly point to the target because the airport is usually very large, people come here with a lot of luggage and stuff, it is terrible if they get lost. There are all kinds of people stay at the airport. It is even more harmful to let disabled people or vulnerable groups experience the lost in airport.</p>
