Rawsthorn gives different takes on why design is important, and how we depend on good design when we see or experience flaws. The first example given was to understand how money was a motivating risk for working through the SARS epidemic in Asia around that time. I wonder would the design outcome been different if the outbreak had not been there? Aimee Mullins was then brought up as an individual who experienced different kinds of leg extension designs that started off with wood base. From stilts to cheetah style running legs, the Biomechatronic groups developed more and more efficient legs that would work better with her muscular systems. The designs of these legs overtime have given Bilateral amputees the opportunity to have the advantage in some areas such as rockclimbing. 

Perhaps my favorite examples of good and bad design were the differences in World Cup Adidas soccer balls. The number of panels, coats, colors, aesthetics needed careful attention to the weather and environments. Badly designed balls were too light or too slippery to kick, which makes a difference to the crowd, players, and coaches. A good soccer ball will greatly amplify energy and progress of the games, making the fans go crazier alike.  
When looking at pictures of Zurich Airport, it reminds me of the airport in Osaka Japan. With simple signs that can be read from a far with sharp contrast makes the Zurich airports simplicity successful. Visiting and observing airports are a great way to experience architectural design that you can judge as good or bad. Going to airports like La Guardia and being confused by the advertising is a memory I recall, being highly stressed and confused about where my gates  are located amongst signs of attractions and restaurants. Rawsthorn gave great examples of good and bad design and personally this was my favorite read because we can apply some of these ideas to everyday life.
