Why Good Design Matters

For most people to acknowledge bad design over good design is reasonable. Bringing attention to something that could cause an unpleasant experience or, more importantly, something disastrous requires a great amount of attention. Good design is inherently unnoticed because it requires no need for improvement ‒ good design is appreciated. For well established objects such as the signage system in airports, specifically the Zurich Airport (as mentioned in the reading), have become so intuitive that it becomes invisible. Opposite to this are street designs. Some streets that are located in moderately trafficked residential zones (there are many in San Jose) only contain two lanes rather than three. Drivers needing to turn left into a house would need to stop in the middle of the road causing traffic or a car crash due to a sudden stop. A middle/third lane mitigates these issues but is not implemented due to lack of space. Drivers looking for a safer route will need to do a u-turn at the nearest stoplight (if allowed). 

Prosthetics have also come a long way, from the initial wooden peg to what Aimee Mullins has helped standardize ‒ the carbon-fibre prosthetic. The reading brought to light the pity some people had given Mullins. A comment regarding her misfortune and reducing it to acceptance must have been unnerving to hear. Mullins was able to flip the comments, instead, hearing resentment or jealousy towards Mullins newfound advantages. 

The soccer ball, which has had a long presence in history, is highly susceptible to exposure even with little change. Bad design in the case of the soccer ball is difficult to pinpoint. Some changes may benefit soccer players while the same design can put others at a disadvantage. The soccer ball would benefit from a design that is neutral and unbiased towards any player’s playstyle. 
