In the article, “Why good designs matter” by Alice Rawsthorn, she discusses how design affects the world in the way they behave and individually. For example, great designs tend to cause people to react in a positive manner while the bad ones tend to have people react either negatively or non-responsive. One example of a good design in this world is the electric scooter. Nobody says anything about those scooters because they function almost like the traditional scooters. The only difference is that the person does not have to push with their foot in order to keep moving, the electric scooter does it itself, benefiting the person riding it. A bad design could be the new Mac Pro laptops. These laptops no longer include a USB portal, therefore the owners have to purchase a separate usb port in order to be able to use usbs or any other cables. This is very inconvenient since it makes the user spend more money on something that the design should have included. 

The article also mentions how Amiee Mullins’s use of her new prosthetics is a good design because it allows her to complete her normal tasks. Before she owned wooden prosthetics which were difficult to perform regular tasks due to their weight and difficulty to put on. However, when she got a new pair created by Biomechatronic groups, not only can she still perform her regular routine but also participate in athletic activities such as running. 

The article then emphasizes on the evolution of the soccer ball and how its design has significantly impacted soccer games. For instance, not only does the aesthetic of the ball needs to be appealing, but also its ability to function. When designing the soccer, they must put the weight, texture, and durability of the ball. 
