The reading, “Why Good Design Matters,” Alice Rawthson helped me understand what differentiates good design versus bad design and why both types of design can be very impactful on our quality of life as human beings. Reading the bit about money being a big motivator for good design seemed obvious enough on its own, but learning about people’s drive to make good designs on their own, especially in Aimee Mullins’ case, was surprising to learn about. It is understandable, though, because everyone wants to make their life more comfortable and, in turn, more enjoyable. I thought it was also interesting how people were quick to blame bad design, but praised their own skills when it came to good design, especially when it came to the design of the soccer ball. At first it was kind of hard to understand why good design isn’t really noticeable, but when Rawthson explained that good design is essentially making your life smoother and pushes you in the right direction, along with using the example of the signs of the Zurich airport it made me think of good design examples I’ve seen. One example of this would be signs and maps that I use frequently when I’m at malls. I am appreciative of how easy the maps are to read, especially with the little “you are here” sticker that helps me figure out which end I’m at. It’s not some super, life-changing kind of design, but it does make it easier for me to navigate myself in a space. I’ve also read about the Coca Cola contour bottle and how it was considered good design because of how it was recognizable even in the dark due to its resemblance of a cocoa pod. One example of bad design that I know of is the Portland Municipal Services Building that was designed by architect Michael Graves. I have heard about the poor design choice of the windows being small squares that let very little light in. It would dampen the mood of the employees and they would frequently talk about how much they disliked working there. There were also complaints of low ceilings, unmarked doors and stairways that led to unknown destinations. Another example of bad design, in my opinion, would be parking signs. They require a lot of focus when reading to understand and when there are multiple parking signs on the same post I feel confused and start to doubt myself on whether or not I can actually park there. It’s too much of an information overload and I think it would be easier to read if they used some sort of visual rather than just disoplaying a ton of words in various sizes.
