  In the article “Why good Design matters,” by Alice Rawsthorn discusses how design can affect the way we can interact with the world. Design has been in our daily lives now and sometimes we are so used to that most people doesn’t think about it. 
  I like how this article start with a story of a man that need it to finish a design project and he even risked his own safety. I found it fascinating how far one can go for their own pride or even to just to keep their job. Then it talks about Aimee Mullins impact in good design. She was born without fibulas in both legs, which were amputated below the knees. She had such a hard time with her earliest prosthetics because they were bad designed to help her support her weight better or even balance her while standing. Later on, she did manage to get better prosthetic legs made of carbon-fiber and they were designed like cheetah legs. This design helped her being able to do sports like running. So, besides the material the design help to have a better balance when she run or do other activities. 
  I also liked how the article talked about the soccer World Cup in the 1966 in England. This talked about how a bad design made the Television viewers of that time have a hard time watching the game because the bad design of the soccer balls. Then Adidas changed the design in the 1970 World Cup in Mexico. This shows how design is really important for the enjoyment of the viewers. 
  I believe design is really important because is help us understand better our surroundings and sometimes it make it easier for us to understand the function of things or just to have a pleasant design that is nice to look at it.  
