In the article “Why good design matters,” author Alice Rawsthorn discusses design and how it affects our world and, conversely, our lives. Though design seeps into every aspect of our everyday lives, most people do not give it a second thought unless things go awry. To elaborate, compare the reaction to good design versus bad design. When good design is put into action, we take it for granted. Examples of good design include the modern soccer ball, clear and succinct airport signage. These things go smoothly, thus proving to be made of good design, and we do not think twice about it since everything is how it should be. However, when bad design occurs, our entire world is disrupted. Examples of bad design include the initial prototypes of prosthetic limbs and the voter ballots from the 2000 US presidential election. These things caused disruptions in people’s daily lives, thus prompting complaint about the design.

Another thing to think about in regards to “good” design and “bad” design is “good” and “bad” in terms of ethics and morality. I’m sure that the majority of people would agree that design should be used for the greater good and not nefarious situations. However, that isn’t always plausible in real life. There will always be those who want to use design for less than stellar purposes, and there will always be those who are willing to cater to them. Personally, I would much rather stick to my guns and not engage in such behavior.

Furthermore, this reading prompted me to think about my own relationship with design, along with how it intersects with my daily living. When I get up in the morning design is already the first thing greeting me. It’s in my phone, from the iOS software that it’s running on to the multiple applications that I quickly check. It’s the signs of the streets and highways when I’m on the way to classes. It is visible in the various postings littered around campus and in the classrooms.

Design already shapes so many facets of our lives but how do we keep expanding the field and come up with more beneficial innovations to further advance society? This is something that could be tied back to design fiction. In class, we brainstormed various ideas that could possibly be brought to reality in the future.

One such idea were limb sleeves. These sleeves would be slip-ons that strengthen the user’s actual limbs. The target audience would vary, and as a result, the line of limb sleeves could expand very far. For instance, one version of the sleeve could be geared towards the elderly or more fragile people. The sleeve would give them more strength, and they would be able to carry heavy items by themselves, such as groceries or delivery packages. Another version of the sleeve could be bulletproof, for those who work in risky professions and fields.
