
The reading Why Good Design Matter is an interesting read. The excerpt that is provided describes multiple examples why good design matter and the lengths people take to provide these good designs. The opening was an effective hook as I did not know if the book was going to critique the infrastructure of the hospital or their warning signs and something was going to go catastrophically bad. It sounded like a start to a design horror novel where all the bad design causes the protagonists to have to travel down to the belly of a big corporation and redesign the way system to save the day. But of course, this is just an example of how money is driving everything, it seems like it is the primary causes for good design expect for the second example about Aimee Mullins. Aimee Mullins and Hugh Herr both double-amputees desires for a good design are not money driven but personal. It is for a better more functioning quality of life. Their cases prove that good design does not have to be money driven but can be health driven. It is interesting the author of the book said that design is likened to health good design can improve a life and “has an immense influence in determining how we deal with the world and it with us” (63). It does seem to be a true theory as great design can help us, but bad design or design made to hinder us can make life much more difficult. Good design is also seen as important for political races and voting in general. If there is a design that is not clear which bubble to fill in is the one for your candidate, then there are complications. I figure there are many reasons why to have good design, but I think the real question is how to create good design. I have taken some graphic design classes in high school but since I did not major in design in university it makes it harder to get the design education. As it is the age of the internet design classes can be a click away. There is a lot a student can learn from good design; it might take more time to study what good design might look like in emerging technologies but as time goes on, we will find a good design schema for them. I hope that the more design training I get the more it can help influence my art, not just thinking about composition and color theory but what else I can use to enhance my work. Hopefully good design can help save the climate concerns and help the polarizing state of America. As good design is used to facilitate the bettering of people’s lives, I wonder if good design can harm lives as well. Harming not in a way of good design of a weapon but can good design harm people to make bad decision? Decisions from influencing people to consume and spend or to be misled in their search for knowledge.
