When thinking of design, it’s pretty obvious that the better design leaves a better outcome, but after reading this article I never knew how vital good design was to people. Seeing the desperation companies are over good design such as in the story of the senior designer working from an airplane nearby his company to get a design done while trying to avoid SARS was a strong point to show the message of good design being an extraordinary force. 

Talking about money being a big explanation on why good design matters is very obvious, but seeing how dependable people are, and how people want to reinvent new ideas with them is a surprise. Seeing the story of how Aimee Mullins and Hugh Herr wanting to design the perfect prosthetic legs was inspiring as they wanted to make a perfect design for people with amputated legs in hopes they could impact the world and create a successful model that would affect those who are in need. While I myself am not physically disabled, I have always been fascinated in seeing such tools used to help people who struggle to walk, and seeing the processes and ideas for design leading up to the creations of the prostheses and prosthetic legs is amazing and really shows me how impactful good design can be on a person, or group of people, or even for the future.

Seeing how good design has revolved around money and innovation, I was surprised to learn about the fairness implemented into it with the World Cups. Seeing as how design has played an important role on the World Cup with how soccer balls are created, I was surprised to see what mixed results occurred throughout the years. Seeing as how some soccer balls have interrupted flow of plays, made strikers kick the ball more powerfully, and could even swerve and be harder to grip, makes me think of the quality of design for balls I used when playing sports in elementary and middle school. Could I have played basketball with a ball designed to make dribbling easier? Could I have played soccer with a ball designed to make me kick harder? All these experiences and impacts of the quality of designed sports balls really makes me wonder if they were fairly made or put me in an advantaged or disadvantaged stage.

With the author talking about how helpful the design was in the Zurich Airport, I couldn’t agree more. While I have never traveled there, the airport at SFO has had a simple, yet very useful design to easily assist me on where I need to go and what time my flights were leaving. As someone who hasn’t traveled much on my own, guiding myself through SFO was a perfect breeze thanks to the navigation of the terminals impacting me in a positive way of getting to my flights successfully on time.

Learning about bad design through the 2000 US Presidential election votes surprised me but concluding with how impactful bad design can be and us learning from it got me thinking. If we’re able to see through good and bad design, perhaps in the future we can learn from our mistakes and create perfect design features that leave an inconsequential positive effect. 
