Design really does seem to be important in everyday life and in how society functions. It's easy to take all of the designs that are just built into everything for granted. Pretty much everything in modern times is designed in some way. It would almost be impossible to take into account all of the designs that we see just on a normal day of school or work. It would be totally overwhelming to be aware of all of that. So it's probably a good thing that we become less conscious of certain repeatedly experienced designs and are able to take some things for granted. It can be fun to explore some of those hidden designs now and then as a thought exercise or for inspiration, but it would be really stressful to have to think about them all of the time.

I've heard it said a lot of the time that good design is not noticeable. I think this is mostly true. When design blends into its environment and becomes fully intuitive, then that's great. Some things don't need or want to be noticed and should only be there as part of the background or to facilitate or reinforce common activities. However, I think that flashy, noticeable design can be good too. The woman with the prosthetic legs in the reading is a good example of this I think. Her legs can be designed to look realistic and natural and there is tech being developed that can give her ankle movement to make movement more natural and intuitive, but she also has beautifully designed, intricate, incredibly noticeable prosthetic designs too, like the carved wooden ones. I think it definitely depends on the application and the purpose and the audience or user as to whether a design should be visible or not. 

As with the plane story, design doesn't always have to be flashy or subtle either. Sometimes it just has to work, even if it seems inefficient or clunky, like living in a plane for over a week to avoid a disease. It's not elegant or intuitive, but it was a working solution in an emergency that needed a careful design. The carefulness was the biggest factor for this problem. If the disease was able to get through, then the user's life was at risk. Similarly, the ballot situation was badly designed because it wasn't carefully tested and didn't account for errors, which possibly caused changes that had a huge impact. In this case, the designer favored making the ballots intuitive over making them work perfectly, and it ended up being the wrong choice for that application.
