

	The reading, Why good design matters, is an unquestionable interesting and accurate reading. The writer Alice Rawthson, made a good judgment on the importance of significant design in everyday life. I agree with everything she mentioned in the reading. For example, the section where she discussed the story about Aimee Mullins, I believe that it holds an absolute accurate example of why design truly matters. She mentions that the development of prostheses has changed drastically over the years due to people that have taken the time and commitment to make those changes in order for a better quality life. Like mentioned in the reading, not all prosthetics have been made the same. Most of what is available today has been modernized to fit more accordingly. Back in the day, the only available options came in wood and plastic compound material. 
	It is very interesting to see how these advancements have revolutionized by a simple change in design. This is the reason why people should engage in what makes this world better. For instance, car design is another evident example of why design matters because commuting from one place to another have become a part of our daily lives. Most people drive to work, school, or to run errands. Hence, the design of the car must correspond to everyone's needs. Since we do interact with a vehicle often, safety is what we need the most. Car designers take safety very seriously. When developing a car design, the creators look for potential problems a car can have. Their job is to make sure that everything is safe and that aesthetically, it pleases the buyer. Therefore, the design is crucial for business. 
	Design and all of its elements absolutely matter in all of what makes this world function. Rawthson makes a good point on this topic. She states "Design exerts so much power over so many aspects of our lives that the quality of a design project can be a decisive factor in deciding whether we will enjoy happiness and success, or be subjected to misery, failure or worse". This very true. The improvement in Mullins prostheses did, in fact, gave made her feel delighted and even motivated her to design better prostheses that help many others. 
	Lastly, the importance of great design is imperative because if there is a flaw in the system, the losses can be great. Rawthson gives an example on the voting ballots. She explains how a bad design ballot can have huge consequences on the voting outcomes if they are not made accurately understanding. A lot of people can easily overlook it by not truly understanding the format. It has happened before. Human mistakes are very common but it is precisely why good design is critical; to avoid these mistakes, and develop new ideas. In part, much of what we take for granted such as phones and computers have gone through serious design elements to reach the level it currently stands. It is after all, it is a huge reason why people spend their money and commitment. 
