Sometimes, it can be hard to view life from the perspectives of others - when we design things, we often design them tailored to our own experiences. However, it’s important to think about the entire scope of your audience during the design process. Prosthetics are an intimate part of an amputee’s lifestyle, and they should be designed with them informing their creation.
    The prosthetics are a good example of how every single aspect of their design matters to the wearer. Something that simply gives the wearer a leg to stand on may seem sufficient to an outside observer, but learning about the everyday struggles a poorly designed piece can bring is important information. Discomfort in the connection from leg to prosthetic, they way it affects ones balance and posture, and the different ways it interacts with different actions (such as running to walking) all matter to the wearer. Aesthetics are also a concern - some want to blend in with regular legs, while others like to make theirs a fashion statement. 
    Design matters, especially when our art influences marginalized groups. Similarly, representation of said groups matters, and can affect not only outsiders perceptions of them, but their own perceptions of themselves and how they are viewed by society. Design affects our communication with people, and especially when referring to something a person always has on the, it can become a sort of language. Things such as a wheelchair or a service dog indicate to others around them that the person needs these items to assist them. 
    Issues with prosthetics, such as the more humanoid ones only coming in two skin tones, is also a design flaw. All sorts of people need these devices, and limiting their appearance to two very specific types is hurtful to the variety of people who might wear them. 
