When Aimee Mullins designs the prostheses, this statement was brought out: “I don’t want to promote the idea that human-looking legs are more desirable than non-human-looking legs”. I love this because it provides a fresh new perspective, and the idea of what design could be. A good design can challenge the conservative value, and may totally change the subject values and audience who receive them. I watched Aimee Mullins Ted talk on Youtube, which is extremely beautiful and inspiring. She turned her wounds, trauma and disability into something new and fresh with full of opportunities, and rather call those prostheses, she called them wearable sculptures. She now has more than 18 pairs of legs, each unique in its own style, that even make people without disability jealous. This good design make us have a vision that, sometimes we can rescue us and our lives, and even upgrade our lives into so much higher levels than those that are in standards. A good design changes our fate.

Speaking of Ruedi Ruegg’s Zurich Airport sign designs, makes me feel very relatable in context whenever I go to an airport or a new environment. I have to rely heavily on those visuals, in order to get myself to where I need to be. There are times where I embraced really terrible designs that not only confused me, but also ruined my day because I got lost and had to delay my plans. A good design would save your time, make your schedule more efficient, and more importantly, it would boost you up with a good mood and motivation for the day. It may sound “magical”, but it’s actually what good design can do. A good design influence us in ways more than we can think of.

Like Aimee Mullins said, good designs are poetries. Poetry is what elevates banal and neglected object. We need good designs in our lives just as much we need good poeties, to elevate our lives.
