The story at the beginning was fairly easy to follow along, but there seemed to be a disconnect between it and the point the Rawsthorn was trying to make. So, some guy flies to China and risks his life to overlook some design prototypes for his company despite many being against it. If they met the deadline, they could potentially make a lot more money. He basically risked his life for the possibility of making more money. Rawsthorne then goes on to talk about how design gives our lives so much more power. Even though the man in the story was a designer and he was checking design prototypes, to me it seemed like design did not give his life power—it was the money. I guess this only applies if we think of ‘power’ as drive or motivation. 

I agree with Rawsthorn when it comes to the idea that design is unavoidable. So many of our everyday places or objects have a lot of thought put into them even if we do not even think about it, such as a park, a chair, or a pencil. For some reason, those seats/mini desks on the far left of lecture halls come to mind; they are designed with specifically left handed people in mind. I think in this case, we think about the design more, especially if you are left handed. 

Design and health are compared to one another, and I can kind of see how they connect. Design is a lot about how we interact with it. With industrial design, for instance, it is about how we interact with those designs in our everyday lives. The way we feel may change the way we interact with them. Maybe someone has wrist pains or back problems, but they do a lot of computer work; an ergonomic keyboard and mouse could help a bit, as well as an ergonomic chair. They would not solve the issue entirely, but they could possibly minimize it. 

The subject of prosthetics came along and one of the lines really stood out to me: “If you have so many choices when it comes to a couch or an iPad, why not have the same choices with something as intimate as a prosthetic?” I am not entirely familiar with the area of prosthetics, and I am not going to doubt someone who is. We fail to take into consideration a large group of people and focus on our own wants instead. 

Rawsthorn is able to bring many different topics together. I really liked learning more about how the typical soccer ball design came to be. I often saw the black and white soccer balls in shows and movies. I guess that design is a classic, yet irrelevant due to color TV displays. Anyway, Rawsthorn is right. We tend to recognize bad design a lot more than good design. I wonder if this is a bad thing? When nothing is to be said about a design, I guess that means it successfully does what it is intended to do. 
