Response to John Burger Episodes<br>
<p>John Burger describes a world of the 1920s changing how it could see with the invention of the camera. Burger uses the 1923 film by early film artist Dizga Vertov “The Man with The Moving Camera” as a perspective for the human eye and how the invention of the camera changed what and when when we could see. From the monolog of the camera in the film our eyes were tied only to what we could immediately perceive, meaning if we wanted to view a historical piece or a cultural symbol like the Statue of liberty we would have to physically go to the place or image to see it. With the reimagining and advancement of the digital camera and its applications and functions we are again stand at a point where our perception is expanded. Everyday over 95 million photos videos and audio files are uploaded to social media sites like Instagram, Facebook and, Twitter. These photos are a documentation of places that in some cases are not nor will ever be explored by its viewers. The act of taking a picture out of its context and instantly presenting to a populist of over 7 billion was something that w Vertov or even Burger couldn’t fathom at their time. Now some places that even haven’t been explored by man can be brought to you in the comfort of a smartphone where every in the world you happen to be. Mentioned by Burger in episode 1, this changes the content and context of the photo when it viewed outside of the environment it was created. The early painters of European High Renaissance would consider the way the pieces interacted with the space they occupied create a feeling of awe and wonder. This feeling was referred to as the memory of the space, and when they are imprinted on a different set or changed all together this memory cannot be obtained by the viewer. In the same aspect a photo video or painting seen on any form of digital media unless it is created for viewing on that platform will not hold the same purpose or meaning.<br> 
<br>Dealing with more contemporary forms of technology holds little sway on how these ideas are changed or interpreted. A photo of the Mona Lisa will only be that, a replication of the original changed to be viewed from being a glass filter clouded with multiple forms of information all grabbing for the attention of the viewer. Even the platform it is viewed on has an impact on the context of the painting wholly changing it to suit the needs of the creator of the platform. Gestures like likening the photo for views change the image to a resource of the ethereal. It now has created a form of digital currency for the person who posts it, and the makers of the platform. No longer dose it hold the same weight value or context as when viewed on person for the interpretation of the onlooker. <br>
<br>The social platforms of today show on aspect of our lives and it is usually the aspect that is to be envied. It is a more modern form of the oil paintings, where the wealthy aristocratic populist would have painted for the purpose of wealth and status. The biggest difference is the sheer number of the populist this platform can reach in such a small amount of time. Now you can post a picture and instantly reach millions of people feeling the ego at the speed of the internet. They shape our perception of reality. Burger hits this topic on the head in the 4th episode where he takes all the ideas presented in the series and apply them to how advertisements sell a mirrored world where everything you could ever hope for is satisfied. Social media takes this same trend where influencers and sellers alike sell the idea of perfection if you take these gummies twice a day or follow their page of inspirational quotes. In the same episode Burger makes the statement “The highest value of the publicity stunt is the EGO and how it contrasts to the good and bad in the world.” This is important because at the source of the social media trend is the ego of the onlookers and the influencers. This world viewed through the lens of perfection changes how we see our seemingly unperfect lives and cultivates us into click for happiness shoppers. This idea can be transferred into most types of technology especially the ones that are based on your interaction with your smart phone. Apps like Amazon, eBay, and even Google searches. culminate on the idea that exposure creates shoppers. Exposing them to he products they desire because of the life they want to create makes them over a course of their life spend hundreds more than the pre-internet age. Where now advancements in technology centered around asocial media are no more than tools to persuade a person to buy a way of life.<p/>
