I believe these ideas can be applied to interactions with technology today. In the first episode, John Berger states that now that pictorial reproduction is existent the meaning of paintings themselves is no longer attached to them. This statement can be applied to social media where people can take an existing photo or painting and change the meaning or modify it, this is all depending on the person who took and is using the photo. Images in advertisement campaigns can be applied to this statement as well because of the photo chosen can change the meaning or information relayed to the consumer by the company making the advertisement. Images change our perception of reality because as John Berger mentions that paintings are reproduced with words around them. Meaning they can change the reality as to whoever wants us to see that specific version of reality they are portraying via the photo. When google searching an image you look for what benefits you. In some cases, it may be showing a certain Era of paintings, or an example of the artists’ work. However, google searching devalues the quality and meaning of a painting because when you look it up you will find hundreds, or even thousands of the exact same picture but all being used in various scenarios.
I agree with Berger in some aspects. I believe that in artwork focusing on the male or female physique it is always shown as a play of sorts illustrating a story of some sort highlighting femininity or masculinity of the subjects. Nudity also plays a part in how we perceive the artwork in terms of dominance. Naked women are seen as sensual and erotic in western and European art. Whereas naked men are portrayed in fierce combat or powerful poses to show the domination of conquest or something similar to that emotion. In non-European art, nudity is usually expressed with a sexual attractiveness between two people, usually in the actions of absorbing or close sexual attraction. These ideas still persist within 2019 because when looking at a painting or photo of a nude woman it is censored on social media, but if a photo/painting of a nude man were to be posted onto social media many would see it as a form of art rather than censor it. This idea of women’s bodies being seen as erotic and sexual is still prevalent and annoying as ever when on social media, or media in general. 
I would say owning nude paintings of women has been a way for the elite or the very wealthy to demonstrate financial dominance amongst themselves. I would say owning a nude painting of a man or woman is the equivalent of telling others that you not only have the financial capacity to have bought it, but to also understand the context and meaning of the painting. These paintings in essence became a commodity of who could afford and who could not. Many of the paintings that are available today that are worth exorbitant amounts of money are expensive because of the value put onto it by materiality. Even today, owning a highly expensive painting makes you the target of envy not because of its meaningful origin and execution, but because of the high material value it is supposedly worth. 
