<p>Ways of Seeing talks about oil painting in Europe first, then it compares and brings out the commercial publicity problem at that time. At the beginning, the famous artwork such as oil painting, could only be seen in where the artwork was actually located. People would never see it if they were not at the location before there was a thing called: Camera. After that, artwork started being spread on media all over the world. Once the artwork starts spreading, it would no longer just be displayed for showing the aesthetic and story behind. People would distort the facts and the meaning of the artwork, because everyone has their own thoughts about things, and the media is a very powerful medium to deliver the messages from others. Well, it is important for us to have the ability of independent thinking since media is playing a vital role to “control” our mind nowadays. That is to say, what we see online, is something that has been filtered already. Therefore, the wide spreading made those oil paintings became something to “advertise” the human or human body, even though the artists did not mean it. In this society, Art might be misunderstood in some way as its spreading, so we really need to control our own mind and do not easily believe what we see from the media. In episode four, John Berger stated a fact in publicity during that time, you smile at people when you think they live in a good life, and people smile at you when they see you live in happiness. However, you(everyone self) are the one who live in a better life, because we all live in other’s eyes; we want people to think that we are doing good, even if we actually don’t. It made me think about the job that relatively popular now called “We Media”. I guess this has a common fact on what John Berger states that publicity made people as a part of product to sell. As well as the person who is doing We Media, they are kind of doing the same thing, taking themselves as a product to cater to the mass market. When they are doing the Vlog thing and post online, they give the audience a sense of substitution, which means to make the audience feel that they are actually in the video blog with that person,and feel the happiness. However, under the camera, the Vlogger is probably not as happy as what audience see in the video, because all this person does is to pretend to be happy. This could be tied back to what I mentioned at the beginning of this response. The camera really changed the essence of something, because once it has been turned on, everything starts doing “acting” thing, and it starts being hard to keep real. Media really changed the meaning of the art and the perspective of how people see arts, as well as people’s lifestyle in this society.</p>
