
John Berger’s Ways Of Seeing gave me insight on how the everyday is so heavily commercialized through images and video. Perhaps everything we see and how we view objects, photographs, and its meanings are fixed on sexual and commercial intentions. Some examples of how these intentions can be seen when watching television commercials about women razors or looking at a magazine ad about cigarettes. These images deeply impact our understanding of what is in vogue and backed by the commercial media. The difference between paintings and photographs is that paintings displayed wealth in that persons life. Photographs can create worlds that don’t exist, a trick to the imagination that presents glamour through individual ego. Berger’s example of showing Bengal refugee’s next to commercial ad products presented a world which divided ideas of the foreign and familiar. This idea is extended on the internet and anywhere photo images are, any device linked to the internet are constantly being reconditioned to the standards of the self ego. The internet provides a wide array of commercial media that is formed to your taste, with websites containing clickable ads. In 2019, images across all media platforms will try to persuade some commercial interest to the general public, such as TV shows like Keeping up with the Kardashians. As I watch this show and see first person angles of people taking selfies on private beaches of Hawaii, I observe all the commercial enterprising and branding being exposed within the background. Within five seconds of that selfie shot, I felt included in being a part of that family with expensive cars next to the beach. We can see other forms of advertisement campaigns in applications, websites, commercials, etc. The google search works in the same ways because the results it gives you are based on the results of your search and cookie history, It will tailor all my results to be as commercially convenient for me as possible. Historically, artwork has always played a role displaying power and prestige, from the examples of the nudes to the exaggeration of their details. I agree with Berger because everything he has discussed is what I have been noticing or thought of for awhile. His point about the female nude and its relation to the past can still be seen today by other media such as games or movies that illustrate women to be of service to men. Berger gave me much more insight in how the distribution and how the status quo of society came to be. The old examples of prestige are no different from the new, as seen on Television. Publicity is the new thing that everyone wants, as evidence by the advertising and imposing of such networks in media space that seems inescapable today. I feel that anything I use has commercial intent already, anticipating the sight of an ad or a logo. These concepts are present in everyday life and will exist as long as commercialization and the idea of publicity exists. Paintings may have reflected life of a prosperous family at one point but its is a problem that today’s media creates such a distorted reality that is keeps people chasing the new commercial driven dreams.
