I believe the concepts presented in the series are relevant today. The idea of the visible world converging into a single point, the eye or the camera, is especially true today given the abundance of cameras and the greater quality of images the camera reproduces. With the internet the ability to view an image taken by cameras can be done anywhere at anytime — the images come to the viewer. 

The most relevant concept discussed in the series was that the meaning of an image can be changed according to what is seen beside it or what comes before/after. A simple Google image search places a gallery of images before the viewer cluttering the eye with information forcing the viewer to isolate their gaze onto a single image. The image being viewed is affected by the images that surround it reforming the image’s meaning. Compared to a physical gallery where images, sculptures, and installations surround the viewer in all directions, what difference does it make? I believe negative space plays a big role in the difference between the physical gallery and the virtual gallery. In a physical gallery, the space that separates each artwork is much larger than that of a virtual one. Artworks become isolated and even more so if the viewer moves closer. In order for a virtual gallery to receive a similar isolating affect the viewer must make multiple clicks but this is no different to taking a few steps. The difference is the effect of the surrounding images/artworks placed onto the one being viewed. In a virtual gallery images are much closer in proximity and far greater in number thus lending more information to contend with the one being viewed. 

We interact with images on social media through likes, comments, or a quick glance. We form a curated gallery in our mind — a representation of an idealized life. However, this gallery is not free from the information of images we viewed in the past thus our impression of anything will always include preconceived notions derived from past images shaping our perception of reality. We interact with events in real life with more options for interaction but to like, comment, or to glance is the basics of our interaction. Again, we form a gallery in our mind that is curated but shaped by preconceived notions from past experiences. Overall, our interactions with events in real life and our interactions on social media constantly reform our ideas and ways of thinking thus shaping our perception of reality. 

Just like images, audio can also provide a form of persuasion in 2019. A podcast for example, may persuade viewers to live a certain way or to buy products they endorse by speaking about its benefits. 

I don’t think artwork always played a role in the demonstration of power and prestige because many artworks demonstrate technique, style, or anything but power and prestige. For example, William Hodges who traveled with Captain Cook painted landscapes in realism for scientific purposes. 
