During the first video, John Berger discussed how traditional paintings used the convention of perspective, which focuses on the main purpose of the painting. He then states how the invention of the camera changed this perspective because now the images can be altered in size and be shown everywhere at once when before, the painting can only be seen in one spot. He also mentions on how paintings lost its value on their medium, since before, in order to see a painting, the person had to go to the location where it is displayed in order to see it. However with cameras, it makes the photographs and paintings value more as a commercial or information source rather than something that provokes emotion and deep thought. I agree with Berger to an extent because when I notice that whenever I go to art museums, I see more people taking pictures next to the painting instead of observing and enjoying the art piece as it is. Many just take pictures of the artwork so it can look good on their travel log. I’m not saying that people should not do that, because I also do that myself sometimes when I see a really cool art piece. I just wish people took more time to observe the painting to feel the emotion or see its details rather than plainly viewing it as interesting or great artwork to take a picture of. In the second video, Berger analyzes how women were portrayed in the oil paintings. Many of the traditional European paintings include nude women, indicating the beauty standards expected of women at that time. He then proceeded in explaining the differences in being naked and nude. Being nude brings an awareness of being seen by someone and being naked is seeing themselves as their self. The way the nude women were painted in the traditional paintings are a objectifying because like Berger mentioned, many were created for the pleasure of the men’s eyes. Also, the way they are painted in a delicate manner with pale skin and curves compared to the other people in the painting shows the beauty standards women have to follow in order to be considered beautiful in their society. This reminds me of today’s society but with social media because both men and women go through massive editing in their photographs in order to change their bodies to the beauty standards and look beautiful to the public. In the third video, he discusses how the oil paintings are worth a wealth status. People who classify themselves as wealthy tend to own a few of the oil paintings for their home. But since these oil paintings are becoming more common, anyone can now but them and pretend to be wealthy or show off more than they actually are. This brings the value of oil paintings down since anyone can purchase their own copy and can see it anytime they want. The last value video he speaks about how traditional paintings show something the artist want or achieved. This applies to our society with commercials because those images often show something that someone wants or would catch interest in.
