The first episode of <i>Ways of Seeing</i> brought up the issue of how the camera can change one's perspective on a subject, such as a painting, simply by changing the field of view, displaying different zoomed in views of the painting to create a chose narrative, or even adding music in the background to subtly guide someone's thinking. This concept can be seen today in movies and on applications such as Instagram, where the way in which a photographer shoots subject can change the meaning of said subject into the photographer's own perception of it. In movies this concept is applied when a particular scene is heightened in the viewer's mind because of the background music that is playing simultaneously. Subconsciously we are feeling more emotional or attached to a scene because of how the music communicates with our brains. I agree with Berger in that artwork that has depicted nude women in the past is almost always meant for a man's pleasure rather than displaying a woman for what she really is. The way she is posed and how she seems to be the only person looking at the viewer at times are signifiers that she is an object that is meant serve the man's eye. While I believe that feminism has risen over the years and women now try to own their sexuality for themselves, there are still examples of the "ideal woman" that comes from a man's viewpoint. It is very common in advertisements that deal with lingerie, razors, or deodorant that give the idea of "this is how a woman is supposed to look and anything else is shameful." In the third episode Berger talked about how, historically, certain subjects in European paintings were a symbol of wealth and luxury. In today's society we have our own indications of wealth, such as cars, houses, or expensive meals, but it is also normal for us to doubt the authenticity of these things when we can only see them through photos. The person who photographs themselves in front of a luxury car may not actually own the car, but wanted to give themselves an air of importance in the social hierarchy, so they pretend that they have ownership over it. I slightly disagree when Berger states that artwork was always a demonstration of power and prestige. There have been instances in which paintings were used to keep a scientific record of new surroundings when exploring land. Although, it makes me wonder if these paintings have been altered in any way compared to the real-life environment because it didn't fit the artist's vision. Overall, I believe that these episodes reinforce the idea that to consume media, in whatever form it comes in, is to also consume the politics of the producer/developer/etc. We see this in everyday life from presidential campaigns, computer software, video games and so on. The politics come from the produce trying to get their audience to consume their media that is layered with their own opinions and viewpoints, which creates a power dynamic in the producer-audience relationship.
