Jordan Hoekwater
Reading 2
September 04, 2019

Traditional artwork has a unique role in how we used to perceive art versus how we do now. Before the idea of the copy, artwork was within physical form. It was created to show and to be seen in person, therefore the painting was only present in a single place at a time. Since the invention of the copy people have been able to recreate a work of art by means of photography and/or scan. This technology brought art to the masses as more and more people could experience a painting on the other side of the world. But of course, it brought with it the question of authenticity and how it might change the perception of an artwork. This is especially relevant within our contemporary interactions of art with technology. On one hand it brings new ideas and concepts to a multitude of people from all around the world. On the other hand, it raises discrepancies among the perception and interaction of an artwork. People can take a photo of a painting they have seen and send It into the world in many ways. Social media being one of the largest ways people can send and share images, highlights interesting comparison with how we view traditional art. On a social platform the user has full control of what they see. As for traditional artwork, a painting could feature a wide variety of subjects and stories within the scope of a single canvas. We can draw those connections about controlling how we view art by focusing in on particular imagery within a painting. Standing far away from a complex, narrative-driven artwork can lead to a misrepresentation of the intended meaning of the work. While looking closely and making connections with the surrounding elements can help piece together a strong and cohesive story or message. Coming back to the topic of social media, we can see how a post from a friend doesn’t show the entire story just like being too far from a painting. It does, in a way, shape our collective perception of reality. In a social media driven world you see what you want to see. Same goes for how others view you. You post images, topics, ideas, etc. that people could like. Others viewing your social profile are given a direct line to what you intend for them to see or picture you as. It’s another way to say that social media is simply looking at a painting from too far away. It is a complete misrepresentation of our lives as a single image cannot convey the true meaning or story behind a post. This of course is implemented throughout many other platforms for engaging such as advertisement. If you watch any cable television you will most likely see an ad for a new prescription drug. This is another way people can positively represent an idea while hiding a bigger story. Advertising companies do this all the time. If their product is bad for people, they will show a person with a “relatable” comeback story so viewers can make connections with their own lives and think about the product instead of the sped-up list of side effects. Samer goes for search engines like Google. Whenever you look up something you are treated with a list of the top paying companies who fall within the scope of your search. Whether or not it contains what you are looking for, the relevancy within your search is always accompanied by businesses who financially fight their way to be seen first. And of course, how search engines or social platforms store user data to send more direct information to the user based on things they have searched. In all, people have full control of their information intake (to some degree), as well as other technologies and businesses have control over what they want you to see.
	
