In the first episode of Ways of Seeing, John Berger address the rise of image reproduction and sharing due to the advancement of technology. He discusses about the value of original and authentic pieces of art and their importance in our culture and society. Berger argues that the meaning of artworks can be transmitted and changed through their context. This means that a painting’s impact can be changed by different factors, such as the medium is it shown on, its physical location, the sound and/or music being paired with it, and more. I wholeheartedly agree with the stance that Berger takes here. In the past, art was not easily reproduced. This meant that a piece of work had a much smaller audience, and it was likely easier to contain the artist’s original message. However, now that reproductions of art allow for them to be shared much more easily, a lot more people are exposed to these works. As more people become familiar with them, new interpretations are formulated and applied to them. This is especially relevant in today’s social media world. Social media is so prevalent and inundated with visual media that seems to easily sway large populations. That makes it dangerous. While it is good that art can have such lasting effects, the trouble is that interpretations may twist or lose the creator’s original intent. It would be good to critically examine everything and make our own conclusions. 

In the second episode of Ways of Seeing, Berger takes on the treatment of women in art. Women were the main subject of nudes. In those paintings, they were seen as objects rather than as their own person. The subject of the artwork were held to ridiculous and hypocritical standards by the men painting them, and they were always portrayed in such a way to appeal to men. As a female, I found this segment very interesting to watch. Berger makes many great points about women in art, and the women he talks to do so as well. Though they talk about art, all of their points can be applied to how women fare in modern society. It has been long known that how women are depicted in media affect how they are viewed in real life. It is necessary for the depictions of women in our modern technology to continue to make that shift towards equality and away from the male gaze in order to form our own identities and sense of self worth.

In the third episode of Ways of Seeing, Berger discusses the oil painting and where the value of these paintings come from. The materials and subject of these works were often done in a way to reflect the wealth of commissioners. I found this interesting. I did not know that commissioners would have such extravagant demands. Though these works clearly go above and beyond in terms of quality and excess, Berger is right when he says they do not hold the same purpose or significance as traditional artworks. This is similar to today’s generation of people flaunting their material goods and lifestyle on social media. Any type of visual media could be considered art, but there is a clear difference in quality, meaning, and depth of different types of images.

In the fourth episode of Ways of Seeing, Berger proposes that photography has taken the place of oil paintings in our culture and society. This is because photography is even more powerful than paintings - photographs are closer to reality and connect to audiences more. Thus, we are sold fantasies that we can never hope to achieve but still attempt to achieve anyway through shallow methods and material ways. In the end, everything you see is tainted by your own personal perceptions. I think Berger’s insight in this final episode is fascinating. I haven’t ever thought of photography taking the place of paintings; I have always seen them as separate entities, but upon more thought it is obvious that paintings were a way of mimicking reality when the technology for photographs was not yet developed. Photography is extremely powerful because it is so close to our perception of reality that we often believe that what is being shown is real. The rise of photography and the subsequent drop of paintings has caused our society to be more easily swayed by false things; or “glamour,” as Berger mentions a couple of times. I think this point is more relevant than ever in today’s climate.
