Berger’s documentary series is titled Ways of Seeing but it goes way more than simply seeing things, it is the way we perceive paintings and how people can mimic and distort the message or vision of the original artist’s intentions. It can distort to symbolize luxury and to simulate despair. Imagery has been used in propaganda for war with similar imagery to inspire with tricking music and movement of the image. As in the documentary, the demonstration of different music and extreme close ups to change three figures to be arguing to two followers listening to the gospel of some religion. Artwork has always played an important role in the demonstration of power and prestige. From paintings and murals in a church to show power and demonstrate the majesty of their god. Religion has also been distributed via religious paintings. As paintings are one of a kind and could not be replicated quickly in the past, it was a sign of prestige to own something someone took so long to make. Advertisements for products placed pieces of artwork such as sculptures even if they were made of plastic to heighten the prestige of their products. Artwork is guarded and was taken as treasures from wars. Artwork has also been taken from foreign lands to be displayed as the conquering of by the British empire. Britain showed their power with the amount of artwork they amassed. I agree with Berger’s theory of how art has been used to trick or to change the message. The image of women naked has been changed as well. Artwork has changed how culture and women themselves see their own bodies because the way women are portrayed in art has been shaped to the gaze of the viewer of the painting with the classical nude. Even with the classical nude and what seductive implications that art has placed on women in 2019, there are movements to change the way we see women and their bodies. As art has changed the vision of how people see things, people can use art to change views in the opposite direction. Despite these attempts to make changes, I feel there are some things that cannot be undone. Women as still posed in similar manners for advertising and their connotations remain in a similar message.We continue to manipulate the image as digital media art continues to grow and more artist use these technologies. Virtual reality has made images shape even more than a single frame but, it does not allow things to be as shaped or hidden. It makes it harder to force someone to see the world as the editor wants. Virtual reality also adds in a new sensation to be edited with, no longer just sound and shaping of the frame. Virtual reality includes touch and vibration. These senses can also make viewers feel things more positively or negatively by the artist and the designers desires.
This is only the start of new technology and it will continue to emerge. We do not know what else will be added to be manipulated, maybe there will be ways to change the perception of people in ways that are unthinkable.
