After watching all four episodes of John Berger’s Ways of Seeing, I really saw a new perspective on how we could connect and view artworks, and how technology today connects with it. 

The first episode talked about the perspective and uniqueness of paintings, and how new age technology such as the camera have changed our perceptions of what we see. This was something I never thought about myself, but I completely agree with Berger’s statement about the viewer seeing the painting based on the context and location of their life. Seeing a painting in it’s original exhibit or environment will give me a much more deeper meaning and understanding of its creation compared to seeing a photo of in at home on a camera. The essence of original art help displays its meaning and uniqueness easier, transmitting information, connecting with the viewer.

For the second episode, the topic of nude and nakedness was discussed, which helped shape our collective perception of reality. Whenever I saw a naked woman in a traditional European painting, not once had I thought about the concept of this was how women were seen and judged to others. Concepts like these are still represented in 2019, as a lot of people will judge and see women based on the way they dress and appear to others. I feel like this can support the concept of a demonstration of power and prestige as well, showing women nude empowering themselves, but at the same time, the prestige goes to the men and viewer for having them “feed their appetite” with these paintings.

While gaining a refresher about the perspectives and ideology of what a nude was from the first two episodes, the third episode intrigued me the most about collecting valuable artworks for different meanings. As Berger best said it, “We look, we buy, and we collect objects – but the most valuable object of all has become the oil painting”, where the images begin to shape people’s perception of reality. People who purchase and collect expensive, original art, cannot explain the history behind it, even if they are experienced in art history or have a love of art. In addition to people coming up with their own perspectives based upon the art they would purchase, I found Berger’s idea of a portrait interesting where he felt like the subjects would say “I once existed and look like this… I was an object of respect and envy”. 

The final episode talked about art publicity alongside envy and glamour. While in the first episode, Berger talked about the camera and how its photography of an image can be different from the original art piece in its original location, I was surprised to see him say color photography has a similar role as oil paintings and not mention how they have a different meaning. Publicity with art was an interesting topic to hear about from Berger, as I completely agree with his words about how publicity works in imagination, and how we interpret the world based on our own terms, so it can lead to a philosophical kind of system. Images used in advertisements nowadays not only focus on persuasion but with publicity, we could either see how the product interprets itself in an imaginary, but convincing way for you to buy the product.

Overall, I feel like a majority of topics discussed in all four of Berger’s episodes were very agreeable, and it was quite interesting to learn about the different perspectives of an oil painting and how they might change depending on the location of the original piece or based upon your room, or learning about the concepts of nudity in art and how women were perceived by others. Berger had me going from learning about people’s understanding or idea of the meaning of a painting to learning about their lust and envy collecting as many original paintings as possible.
