In the first video, Berger points out that the surroundings of a painting are a big part of the painting. For old paintings, this certainly seems true, and even on new art, where you put it will affect how it's received. I think it's fantastic that paintings and history are now viewable to a wider audience and how artists nowadays can reach a large audience because of modern developments. I think we generally have an incredibly pessimistic view about technology, even as artists that are using that technology. I don't want to be like that. I think the world moves forward, and everyone and everything has to adapt. For instance, it's true that the all of those old paintings have lost something by being transmitted through your computer screen or printed in a textbook, but I and many others very likely would have never seen any of these paintings in the first place if those outlets weren't available. That said, I think it is good to be aware of how the reproducability and ability to be manipulated outside of the maker's control will affect anything that you make and is a way that you can affect anything that has been made.

The second part talking about how women are viewed in art and life in general is something that's uncomfortable but necessary to think about. While the old paintings are beatiful to look at, it's necessary sometimes to think about the unfortunate way that women are characterized in those paintings and how using that sort of imagery can have an effect on how women see themselves, or is a reflection of how society has already set up those expectations. I think his viewpoint is maybe a little too negative and critical, but again, it's something good to be aware of as an artist to take into consideration how the art that you make characterizes people or is influenced by the way you've been trained to think about people.

Likening old oil paintings to advertisement is also something interesting to think about, as something to display possessions and to be possessed. There do seem to be a lot of similar visual elements between the advertisements and paintings that he shows. I think nowadays, everyone has discussed consumerism ad nauseam though, and it's something we are fully aware of but have accepted to our own levels of concern for it. I think that today, most people have wisened up to the things that this last video discusses, and advertisers have adopted new ways promoting their products. Certainly visual media in the form of commercials, social media photos, product placement, web ads, etc., still employ those ideas, but now there are things like targetted advertising, influencers, astroturfing, etc. that are even more manipulative.
