John Berger's video Ways of Seeing, was a very interesting to watch. Much of what he mentioned is how impactful images are to the viewer. The ideas and concepts mentioned in the video definitely apply to our contemporary interactions with the technology. Photography is used today to capture real vivid moments. Although at times it is only an illusion of what the photographer wants the viewer to see and understand. In the past, oil paintings were considered to be as realistic as life could be. It is evident in Bergers fourth video where he describes that comparison. I think that images that we interact with on social media do represent to some degree our lives. In most cases, what people post are their belief or what they would want to live.  	Like mentioned in the video, realism or the qualities of realism is what people most aspire to. There is a reason why people post the images they want. Images posted on social media do shape our collective perception of reality in the way that it has a very deep impact on our lives. People post images that they want others to see and believe. This is the reason why many people refrain from social media, because people tend to create their own reality to prove a better quality of life.
	
Images in advertisement campaigns are not the only form of persuasion in 2019. Other forms come in video such as tv commercials. There are many television programs and videos in which constant advertising takes place. For instance, in youtube videos, many you tubers place items in their background. However, images were and still continue to have a huge impact in advertising. When doing a google search, the person knows exactly what to look for, thus the perception of the image is changed. The image only holds the information someone already had placed.
 	
Historically, artwork has always played a role in the demonstration of power and prestige. It is noticeable in the topic of nude females in paintings. Females are seen as a subject and or item whereas a male body is not censored or looked as bad. In today's society, we continue to see the same continuation of using the female body to get the attention from both females(in the form of advertising) and males(terms of getting their interest). I agree in all of Bergers videos. I liked his explanation on how images are perceived and changed through the lenses of the artist. Also, I found it interesting how he said that when we buy a painting, we also buy the look of the thing it represents. I do believe that many artists and art historians do tend to overlook it. It helped me to view art differently. Oil painting in a way compares to much of the advancements in technology(i.e cameras) today because of its influence on reality. Without a doubt, images hold a strong connection to the observer. We often forget how powerful our visual senses have on our perspective. 

