In the television series “Ways of Seeing”, by John Berger discusses how viewing art has changed, but also has influenced the way we see and what we believe. In the first episode, illustrates that that technology changes the meanings of artwork. Different close ups, the way something is framed changes the meaning of the art work. Music can also affect the experience of viewing an art piece. We see this in movies and television today of using music to change the mood of the scene. An example is a  live concert, seeing it posted online from someone recording can bring the viewer back to the same moment, that allows that experience to be relived again. The reproduction of paintings have created different meanings, and it changes the value of it.

In the second episode, Berger discusses how women are portrayed in oil paintings and how there’s a difference between nudity and nakedness. In episode 4, he also further shows that art imitates advertisements that we see and interact today. We see how women are portrayed as objects to the viewer.  I think images that we interact with online are representative in our lives because it shapes us of what we want to achieve based on our interests. The images that we interact online are ideologies and what we aspire to become. As Berger said, we are motivated by fear and wanting to be accepted by society. As a result, we use these images to purchase things to express and hopefully, change our lives. I also agree with Berger that envy is our motivation when we see images that are glamorous. It's in our human nature to compare ourselves to others and to feel envious of others of things we don’t have.These images definitely distort our perception of reality because there’s a lack of authenticity online. For example, people only seem to share the best version and best parts of their lives on social media. Not only do advertisements shape our society, but social platforms give recommendations on who to follow and who to watch. Websites, forums, virtual communities, etc. also control and limit what you can and cannot see. There’s censorship, guidelines, and restrictions that prevent people from expressing ourselves. There’s also social influencers online who get sponsors to get you to buy products. Easy accessible information and user generated information on the web helps expand our perception of reality. Though, there’s also a barrier that shortens our perception of reality depending on how we find data. For example, there’s different web mapping services like Waze or Google Maps that are used for navigation. These web mapping services can take you to your location, but can limit you based on the number of ways it can get you there. Television shows and movies give us a distorted perception of reality because its scripted and doesn’t give us actual human interaction with real life.

In episode 3, Berger examines historical artwork that play a role in demonstration of power and prestige because I see that being applied today. In oil paintings, there’s depictions of objects such as animals,food, portraits, houses, land, which are all buyable.  I see that when I drive and I see someone post a bumper car sticker that their kid goes to a prestigious school. I see it in social media when people only show the good parts of their life. In rap music videos, rappers seem to flaunt their cars, money, and women. The portrayal of women and men used in advertisements, music videos, and media shapes the way how we should look and act like. We try to measure and become these images that it’s what makes images so influential. 
