The camera has definitely changed our perception of art and the world, though I do think it has been for the better overall. After all, we are able to see so many sights that, without it, we’d never be able to experience - whether it be the landscapes of distant countries, or priceless paintings kept in museums half a world away, we’re able to enjoy things far beyond our local reach. Even if the work is diminished through the camera (such as being unable to see the entire piece, or not getting the full atmospheric effect of its location), I believe that being able to experience it in some form is better than not being able to see it at all. Of course, work being shared in this way is not something that the artists creating it at the time would have ever been able to imagine. It’s interesting to think how one can interpret an artwork through their method of sharing it (such as adding sound or other effects) and how that can affect others perception of it. The camera has also brought accessibility to news and dangerous situations - people in areas that would not have professional cameras on hand almost always have phones instead, giving us the invaluable video feed that journalism cannot always offer. 

Art was once a sign of wealth, and only the elite could afford to commission paintings, usually of themselves. Nowadays, tons of artists offer their work for sale online, usually in the price range of 15-40 dollars - an amount affordable to most of us. Though, most people no longer commission their own face; instead opting for pieces of their characters or other subjects. The internet and social media has made artists much more widespread, but many people have also devalued art, leading to our current dilemma. Many artists today also struggle with art theft - though, it is in less of a literal sense of burglars pilfering paintings from Renaissance artists. Accounts on social media will repost the hard work of others, taking all the credit for themselves - and the fame, and the money from sponsored advertisements. 

Today, art is much more accessible to everyone, and for that we can be thankful. However, for those of us that love art, we need to improve the working conditions and offer proper compensation to artists for their skilled, hard work. Capitalism has placed much focus on other disciplines as they are seen as “more productive” to society - things that make more product, more customers, more money are seen as “more important” than art is. This has fed into our current devaluation of art. 

Art history definitely has had an effect on what people create today, but I think the most common thing in our time is to emulate other current, popular artists that are well liked. Though emulation of older, popular styles is somewhat common (such as styling after renaissance or art nouveau), popular art has evolved to favor different ways of creating art. 
