First, I personally found John Berger very charming and persuasive. He brings out the ideas I’ve thought about many times but no other people have ever mentioned before. There are some specific parts I want to talk about. 

In the first episode, Berger shows how a traditional painting change its roles today, and that it totally separates the piece’s modern context from the context of which the piece was created. I agree with him. Camera, an early invention of technology, massively reproduce the paintings and make them available to everyone nowadays, so people don’t need to travel or go to a museum. I think I particularly agree with Berger that “beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and this makes the eye the center of the visible world”. We believe in what we see, and therefore make whatever we see becomes “real”. Our eyes rarely judge. A painting is valuable because of its authenticity, but a camera can make a copy version just as much authentic as the original piece. 

I remember I’ve seen the painting of Mona Lisa thousands of times online when I was small. I also grew up seeing the painting of her a lot on social media, and a textbook. All these experiences made me “numb” when I eventually saw the actual painting in the Louvre Museum, Paris. And from a far away position (because Mona Lisa is so well-protected), I couldn’t even tell as much detail as the one on social media. I also love Monet, have read and learned a lot about him, but after seeing his exhibition at the De Young Museum, what I kept from that memory is just a small fridge magnet of his painting on my refrigerator, as a proof of how I’ve been to his exhibit. Another example would be, even in some museum, there display the authentic paintings / sketches inside a glass box, but the details may not be too obvious to the audience so that the museum have to display an extra interactive tablet next to it, showing the scan of the paintings / sketches so people can play with them and use finger to zoom in to details. In such case, what is the use for the original painting besides “being there”?

So I think with the invention of camera and other technology, reproduction of paintings definitely change the value of paintings. Maybe it makes them more “valuable” in certain ways, but it definitely change its value from its original context. Because the reproduction is so good, people rely on the reproduction even more than the original. 


In the 4th episode, John Berger says: “Oil painting and the publicity image have much in common. And we only fail to see this because we think of one as fine art and the other as commerce.” It’s not wrong to me. To view from a fair perspective, the majority of classic paintings did demonstrate power and prestige, or worship some sort of power (of God, higher class, or luxuriness). They are not defined as “commerce” only because it’s a painting (involved craftsmanship) of that very moment. Even in a contemporary art world, we can still find lots of movies involving the classic paintings scene, to bring a sort of prestige. Of course, I don’t fully agree with John Berger. There are a minority of people who always paint for the poor in old days, and more people do arts for social justice nowadays. 

But going back to the questions,  Are images that we interact with on social media representative of our lives? Do those images shape our collective perception of reality? I think most of what we see on social media are promoted contents and straight forward advertisements, which aim to make our lives “better”. Face filters, lens filters, and people’s pose show our standard of beauty have slightly influenced by those commerce. I think they definitely changed our collective perception of reality. We would either consciously or unconsciously compare ourselves, people around us to the things / people we saw on social media. It makes us become highly self-conscious. I can’t say if it's good or bad. For some people, it brings to self-improvement, but for many others, it may brings to self-deconstruction and low self-esteem. 

Meanwhile, an important thing we need to keep in mind: why do we find ourselves fascinated with those detailed glamorous paintings, or luxury advertisements, or beauty images? … because it’s so far away from what we have. Thus, they are never the representative of our lives. 
