The program began with John Berger considering the tradition of European oil painting and ended with publicity taking its place. With the camera and easy mass production of images, the way we view oil paintings has drastically changed. The first video in the series, drew our attention to this. Oil paintings were first meant to be seen in certain places, within a certain context, to convey a certain meaning or emotion. The ability to own prints of oil paintings or see the oil paintings in other media, has taken away that intended meaning or emotion. This is because we are now able to see these paintings under any context we choose. 

The second video in the program delved more into the way that women are represented in oil paintings. Berger brought up that privileged European women are raised to believe that they must constantly survey themselves and make sure they are worthy to be looked at by men. One of my favorite parts of the program, was when Berger told us the difference between being naked and being nude. According to him, being naked is to be oneself, while being nude is to be naked in front of others and not be recognized for oneself. This definition takes us to the idea of objectification, which can be seen in many oil paintings that hold the female figure. 

The third video in the program demonstrated the way that oil paintings were held in such high regard. Owning an oil painting and displaying it on your wall was a symbol of wealth and status. Many of these paintings featured high end stuff—food, instruments, clothing. Rather than buying all these things, a person could own a painting that showed all of them. The final video goes on about publicity, which basically means advertising. These ads showed the possibility of anyone being glamorous, which was the equivalent of the grace and elegance found in oil paintings. Color photography is like oil painting, in a way, because they both encourage the idea that you are what you have.

We live in a very consumer driven society. There are products constantly being advertised at us, claiming that they can make our lives better or make us into better people. With the technology we have now, it is much easier to spread these ideas to a wider audience. For example, social media platforms allow us to be constantly monitored. Maybe you showed an interest in taking a small vacation somewhere and did a few Google searches. Next thing you know, you’re on Instagram or Facebook scrolling past posts advertising cheaper flights when you use a specific company. 

With the way that images spread, its easy for our perception of reality to be a little skewed. Through Instagram and similar services, people can show only the good parts of their lives. The people who see these posts begin to think that that person’s life is nothing but great, which can lead to a whole lot of envy or other negative emotions. The photographs we post for the world to see are like the oil paintings we would hang on our walls to show our status. It’s the same concept but during a different time where distance isn’t a limitation when it comes to sharing. 
