Julian Bleecker defines design fiction as a “conflation of design, science fact, and science fiction.” He believes it as a realm for people to explore their creativity and imagination, and functionally put it into crafting. It is to combine the science fact and science fiction to recreate a story with crafting objects together. The idea is to go about and think how the product could be made. 

Science fiction as he describes are stories made in different worlds with their own set of rules. Design fiction differs from that we use functional materials and items that we know to achieve the product we invision. I believe science fiction is always thought first of what an imaginary world where extraterrestrial lifestyle are the modern times and never have assumed the physics in that world. Design fiction on the other hand tries to make that imaginary world into a reality.
I like to think that Marty McFly’s shoes from Back to The Future part II is a form of design fiction. When it was shown in the movie, the setting was in a futuristic world and at that time, they have solved the problem of ever needing to tie your shoe. The writers and creators probably thought that there would be no way a product like that could be invented, but enthusiasts and artists most likely seeked out on ways they could create those shoes. Especially Nike, who sponsored that shoe brand.

I would most likely start from a series of movies that take upon a setting in a future timeline than where we are right now and go on from there. I would find a product within the movie and discover a way to recreate it in a realistic setting. I believe most people look towards Marvel movies as an example of trying to replicate items in there where science and technology is a huge basis for their lifestyle. Exoskeletons have become a trending research topic ever since the release of Iron Man in 2008. I would personally look into new innovative ways in designing cups because of the oversaturation of boba stores in the Bay Area.

I think science fiction gives people an inspiration of what the future could look like and those that are really passionate about it will find a way to make that a reality. I like to think of cars as an example and how technology has gone far and above that. From using horses and wagons to design motors and electricity.
