https://drbfw5wfjlxon.cloudfront.net/writing/DesignFiction_WebEdition.pdf<br><br>
Julian Bleeker describes design fiction as the mix of science fact, design and science fiction. Design fiction is about imagining the several alternative futures and designing technology that is both needed and accessible for said futures. The machinery of design fiction he calls “design objects”. Design objects tell a story about a future. It has the power to get scientists, engineers and designers thinking of ways to prepare and build a better future.  Bleeker addresses a few  examples of movies which he describes to be Design fiction; which include Minority Report, the Dark Knight, and  a documentary called Metalosis Maligna. Out of the three I have only watched The Dark Knight, a movie about Batman. As most know, Batman’s powers are his wealth and his gadgets, including his Batmobile which has ingenious tech. Although the Batmobile’s tech may not be possible nor needed in today’s world, in his world which technology has advanced, this tech is very possible and needed. <br><br>

If I were to create a design fiction object, it would be for a future which we begin to lack oxygen. This would most likely be due to the lack of vegetation on the land and the ocean. My design fiction object would be a machine that is able to speed up the process of tree growth and repopulate the deforestation victims. Maybe create giant domes that keep the oxygen inside the larger cities. <br><br>

Ubicomp is in the middle of the science-fact / science-fiction continuum. It tells stories about current cultural implication that may or may not have a solution. I feel that conversations about a troubled future allows us to join to plan ways which we can avoid or improve that future though our advanced technology, science and design. 
