<P>
<font size= "20">
Reading Four Design Fiction 
<P/>

<br>When I think of design fiction vs. Science fiction, I start on the side of design fiction where I am thinking in terms is what you can see. Design no matter what kind of design it is I believe is rooted in what we can see and how it related to the context or space it is occupying. Designing something is about a finished product that is visual with a purpose weather it is related to graphic design for a product or event to designing a set for a movie. From the reading Julian Bleeker states “When something is “designed” it suggests that there is some thoughtful exploration going on.” What come to mind when I hear this is that for something to be designed it needs to be for a purpose even in the context of design fiction, where it an experimental process of design. <br>
<br>After combing the internet for artists who’s criteria matches that of design fiction the two that I could settle on are in most parts a duo. Anthony Dunn and Fiona Raby are both authors of the book that convers the specs of design fiction. The made the book and the adjacent website Dunne & Raby as a path to simulate the topic of design fiction in designing circles public and industrial. Both are design and spacial inquiry professors at the institute of design ethnography and social thought, a relatively new school in New York. Together their work has been exhibited at the MoMA, Pompidou Centre, and the Design Museum in London. Their woks encompass every aspect of design from layout and blue printing to physical work and computer design. It is for that face that I would consider them thee best source for design fiction when researching the topic. <br>
<br>For art making in general I would start with the concept or the reason for the topic I want to explore. If the work takes a turn to the psychical the with the layout and materials I would need to gather. From there creating the world I want it to inhabit. For that part I will need a measure of science fiction to skew the world I want the project to inhabit. Thinking a out the world and creating it to a degree as a reference to the original idea if the project gets too far from the original idea I wanted to capture. I want to set the ground work for a strong design that would eventually lead to the production of the work. I feel that design fiction and science fiction go hand in hand so for my creation I would reference the science fiction movie Attack the Block. It is a sci-fi thriller about aliens attacking a project community in urban Britain. The items I would design are ones that take place after the events of the movie introducing the world to an alien race. The design would be the mockups and matter that make up the alien world. What it looks like the feel of the place and colors associated with the color coding of the aliens. Whose fur is Vanta black and the teeth are luminescent. That part of the design wasn’t shown in the movie and their attack on the projects.  I do feel that science fiction and design fiction both heavily influence each other. It’s a synergistic relationship that feeds into each other to create the world of science fiction. The design fiction gives only to the physical and the science fiction is the makeup speaking from a science stand point. Its looks and feels are all design while its equipment, politics technology and chemical makeup are all science fiction. I feel like because of the nature of science fiction it can influence the way technology is produced. Things like Marty McFly’s self-tying shoes of back to the future inspires the real thing with shoe companies like brooks and Solomon, and even the science fiction creation of the Jetpack lead to multiple attempts at a real live jetpack. Things that are created out of the minds of creators and artists ultimately inspire other forms of technology and creativity. Life inspires Life. 

<p>
