<p>To be honest, after reading this short essay by Julian Bleecker, the concept of design fiction in my mind is still vague (or the concept itself may be changeable: a hundred people can think about a hundred definitions for the design fiction). Base on what I understand on this: when people come up with a reasonable idea that is about the future, maybe it is about the good thing of the future, or maybe it is about the bad thing, but it must be based on the today’s society with a reasonable speculation, rather than just imaging. Then designing a "map" through some medium and methods, so that other people can also integrate and participate in the idea of their design. Maybe this is the design fiction. Science fiction may be more fancy. The general direction of science fiction is to focus on the existing problem or phenomenon and then associate with our future, but its details and steps may not be so real. It is always based on the vision of the future so that people will look forward to the future and live with full of expectations for the future. Therefore, I believe that design fiction pays more attention to the design process and steps, and the focus of science fiction is to show the results to people.</p>
<br>
<p>If I am going to create my own design fiction, I will first come up with a topic related to human nature. I will imagine what we are often troubled within today's society, or what is affected, what problems dominate people's lives, and then go further on these questions. I guess I will design a series of works about "People are not acting like themselves on social media," to show since technology started to develop rapidly, and all the way going to the future. We are now always feeling that other people like to show their "unreal" life on social media. However, think about ourselves, after social media has entered our lives, are we still acting like ourselves? Did we change our behavior?</p>
<br>
<p>I think science fiction does inform the design, but it's only a small part of it, because as I said at the beginning, the final results and scenes of science fiction are always the most memorable, and it brings people more fancy and unreal things. Well, science fiction also has some help in technology production. It allows producers to come up with many novel ideas, and also allows creators to understand human expectations of the future so that they can create what people expect. However, I think that technology production will also be influenced by design fiction because the design process is involved when producing technology.</p>
