
<h1>Reading Four: Design Fiction</h1>

My biggest takeaway from the essay is that design fiction is a middle ground between science fiction and science fact. Science fiction is a complete toss up of what could be based off what we have today, and science fact is what we do have today, in its most realistic and gritty sense. However, design fiction is the middle ground between the fantasy of modern science fiction and fact; design fiction connects the dots between what problem is there now and how did we solve it? What engineering had to happen before we got to the “magic” of the fiction we created? 

I imagine an idea where people always want to have these flying cars because of the science fiction of yore, like Back to the Future or even Star Wars. People just want to get out of traffic and fly away to a paradise or a different time, and it makes sense, I hate traffic too. So instead of coming up with future solutions for modern problems (because that requires a LOT of work), people create fantasies where they can live their idealized lives. Design fiction takes the idea of idealizing life, but grounding it to reality. “How are we going to solve this problem?” The purpose of design is to critically think about an issue and come up with a solution that is feasible and reachable given the available resources. A logo designer solves the problem of a lack of branding and uses their skills and tools to make a new logo. A web designer take the problem of no or bad UI and uses their skill and tools to make a good UI and website. 

Designers solve problems, and a design fiction creates the solution, not the escape. Instead of making flying cars, people right now have made the solution to actually have self driving cars, so there wouldn’t be any more traffic, as all driving is automated. That is a solution, rather than just avoiding the problem by flying away. When we add three-dimensionality to the roads, then it’s only a matter of time before regulation and population slows that to a halt too and then you are going to wish for teleportation. 

The cool thing about design is that at least in the case of cars, a lot of design and engineering is coming at the same time as other advances. Self driving solves the issue of traffic, but electric cars addresses and perhaps solves the problem of climate change and pollution (relevant to automobiles). In science fiction, problems are just forgotten and we can never think about how we got to where we are. I’m design fiction, we can really map out what decisions were made to get to where we are. 
