For me Design Fiction is best described through Julian Bleecker's words as "a conflation of design, science fact, and science fiction." It's a way to explore the possibilities for technology in the future and determining whether or not they will accurately represent what we had imagined it to be. Science Fiction is similar to Design Fiction in that the goal is to envision something and make it a reality, but Science Fiction is not constrained to our world the way that Design Fiction is. It could revolve around a universe that is entirely separate and has no correlation to the world that we are familiar with. Design Fiction, however, tackles the problems that exist in our world and speculates a solution to these problems. One example that I know of was a video from SWIFT Innotribe in 2011 where they introduced a future scenario of some friends splitting the bill for lunch using a tablet that was accepting payment through mobile phones, credit cards, private coins and corporate space currency. I thought it was interesting how one of the friends brought up the issue of privacy and data tracking while the rest of them just dismissed it as whatever. I am not entirely sure if this is considered Design Fiction, but I think Lark's project, Babump, could fall into that category. It's a device that's disguised as a business card holder that allows people to track their employees’ cardiovascular system in real time. 

If I were to create my own Design Fiction then I would want to do something with Bioshock Infinite. One of the mechanics of that game was the skyhook, which was a type of highly magnetized arm attachment that was used as a means of transportation. They were magnetized to certain freight hooks and "sky-lines," which were comprised of suspended metal rails that looked like they were based off of roller coasters. I think it would be interesting to try to recreate something like that but use it as a means to remove yourself from the large crowds of certain places like theme parks. It can be annoying trying to weave in and out of large groups of people, so being able to quickly hop onto a sky-rail would save a lot of travel time for those who don't like being in the middle of all the hustle and bustle.

I think that Science Fiction is like the spark or inspiration for people to consider these possibilities for the future and will push those with the right means or skills to make it a reality in some way. It might not be exactly the same as what they saw in the movie or show, but I think that innovative technology begins with that burst of creativity, imagination, and the mindset of "I want to make that possible." 
