this is my article
=================

Design Fiction can be interpreted in many different ways. For me Design Fiction falls in between imagination and practicality. The process of using imagination to help improve ideas and concepts from the past to the present. While Science Fiction spawns from expanding upon ideas and concepts from the present for the future. They can serve as reflections from our past to help improve technologies as time progresses. Science Fiction allows us to look forward and create a picture of a reality where an idea or concept is tangible.

A good example, in my opinion, that explores the concept of design fiction really well is the Netflix Show, “Black Mirror”. They showcase a reality not too far ahead from our own, where certain technologies and ideas are tangible products for consumers. They touch on expanding technologies in our current reality and explore aspects of it where things could go wrong. The show is a hard hitting realization that humans can be too invested within exploration that other outcomes might be overlooked. For me, there are many times where I create my own design fiction. Usually beginning with an idea or concept, I try to think of a new way of doing things that I feel would be important later on. Whether it be for my sake or everyone’s individual benefit, the design process comes from thought and reflection of our past. For example, I had this thought about experiencing space through sound. Almost like echo location, could a human see the world through sound as they would through sight. Upon expanding on this idea, virtual reality came into mind and allowed me to see its implications through my idea and how it could help. 

I do believe science fiction has influence on design. Honestly, Design can’t really function without the concept of science fiction. What I mean by that is design would not have any progression through time if humans didn’t try to think of new concepts and ideas to bring into light. We all understand that the past influences the present, but understanding that concepts from the future can also influence the present. One example of this is the cell phone. They came out with new and unique designs over the past years that have changed the phone industry forever. From buttons to the concept of the touch screen, to an actual folding screen, cell phone designers are constantly thinking outside the box to develop new ideas. They are constantly using the past to help advance the implications of the future by looking to advance towards that science fiction concept and or idea. It kind of highlights this progression through commercial implications, but humans are doing it, and it is quite impressive. Science fiction allows us to idealize a reality where something is true. We, in our present reality, can use the past to influence our progression to the future, but we have to stay in the science fiction way of thinking so that we can progress towards that future.  
