In Julian Bleecker’s short essay, he defines design fiction as “a mix of science fact, design and science fiction.” He continues by explaining that design fiction is a means to make predictions and speculations about possible future worlds. This convergence and overlap of fact, design, and fiction may seem improbable but is actually more present in our lives than we realize. In fact, they often influence and shape each other.

Design fiction differs from science fiction in that science fiction seems to be viewed more as a form of fantasy. Science fiction often appears in movies, books, and other various forms of entertainment, but not as something that should be taken seriously. On the other hand, I would say that those who seriously engage with design fiction view it as a way in which people can formulate any ideas - no matter how seemingly impossible or outrageous they are - and think of ways in which they could be plausibly implemented into our modern world, as well as what their societal effects would be.

I like the line of thinking that design fiction falls under, as I think this type of thinking is a positive way of seeing things. A majority of the time, people seem to think more about what cannot happen versus the wide array of possibilities available to us if we just dared to step outside the box and venture a little further from our usual comfort zones.

One example of design fiction would be the social status system being utilized by China. That was something that was thought up and eventually implemented in the real world. Before learning about its use in China, I previously read The Circle by Dave Eggers. To summarize, this novel tells a story of a future in which everything one does is public information for all to see. Then it follows the effects that this has on society and certain individuals.

Another example of design fiction would be tracking applications and devices. I feel that now more than ever there seems to be a great influx of helicopter parenting. It seems that parents are hovering and coddling their children far more than was done in the past. There are some tracking apps and devices available on the market, but I feel that even more advanced versions of them will one day be on the market.

If I were to create my own design fiction, I would start off by thinking about what society needs and what I could create to provide a beneficial service to society. I do not want to create something that does more harm than good in my eyes. The previous two examples I cited are detrimental to society in my eyes. I would want to create something as far away from that as possible.

Something I think I would like to create would be a device that could scan and analyze works of art and provide constructive criticism that would help the artist improve upon their works. It would not necessarily be a life changing product, but as an artist it is a product that I would find extremely useful. I would love to have something like that in my life, and I think it would be of great benefit to artists all around the world. Furthermore, it does not violate any human rights, boundaries, or my own code of morals and ethics.
Overall, I think the concept of design fiction is very intriguing. It is something I have never heard of prior to this class. However, after reading about it, I have come to realize that is more prevalent in modern day life than I knew. Furthermore, I think there is the potential for many good things to come out of it; at the same time, I worry that humans will use it with malicious and selfish intent.
