Design Fiction is all around us. It is being constantly shaped as we develop our ideas and ways of creative thinking. Design Fiction is simply the imaginative ideas of what could be funneled by the constructs of our current technology. Examples of design fiction are simple as the iPhone with a portable glass display device that allows us to communicate with others. This was envisioned in star trek as to communicate from other planets and the ship. While we do not currently have the technology to have extraterrestrial tourism yet we still can take the tangible parts of this science fiction and use it towards inspiring the science fact. It was interesting to read Bleecker’s experiences in virtual reality and gestures of Minority Report together. The lack of technological advances hindered previous virtual reality devices but now we are using the ideas of Minority Report in the design of HMDs like the Hololens. 
Design fiction seems like a better way of designing products and creating the future. This is readily true, but design fiction does not need to be only commercial, artist can take and use design fiction to engage people to think about what could be. Artists like Christina Sirbu, and Helene Steiner are using design fiction to think through what the world could look like in a few years. Christina Sirbu is an artist plays with new health wear, Sirbu’s work HydroWear is clothing that can tell you when you need to hydrate. The fabric is laced with actuators that senses when you are dehydrated. The colors of the fabric change to reflect this. It is a visual sign of what responsive clothing might look like in the future. The change of clothes to match your environment or your own physical needs seems tangible, but we are not quite to the point of science fiction clothing that can transform with a twirl. Clothing like science fiction Hunger Games dress that can light on fire without hurting the wearer and transforms into a beautiful bird costume. 
Artist Helene Steiner is currently using her art to think about how plants might be able to communicate with us. In Steiner’s Project Florence Steiner has created what a “Plant-Human Interface Experience” might look like. The work consists of a laptop that you can type that takes the input and translates it to the plant. This translation is done by understanding if the message was positive or negative towards the plant and shines a red or blue light depending on what the translator thinks it is. The red light is associated with positively and stimulates the plant to grow while the blue light stops growth and is how the plants interprets negative messages. In response the plant can “talk back” to the human and the translator analyzes the plant’s soil, humidity, air temperature, and other factors to determine its response. Using a tape receipt printer, the plant can response with single line comments back. This is a more tangible way of expressing communication with plants unlike James Cameron’s Avatar plants that react with light and movement to communicate together. With a little science fiction aiding science fact we can design for the future and come up with things we might not know we needed.
