While science fiction explores the ideas of writing stories that create prototypes of other worlds and experiences and contexts of life, design fiction explores the approaches to making new things, probing the material conclusions of our imaginations, removing the usual constraints when designing for a massive market commercialization. Science fiction talks about circulating futures and enrolling people in the possibilities, while Design Fiction combines the tradition of storytelling and writing with the material crafting of objects. An example I could think of when pointing to Design Fiction is the movie series Star Wars, set in a supposed long time ago with a futuristic environment, Star Wars creates a massive amount of science fiction with it’s narrative of space, several planets, and new age technology. A major device used in the movies is the “lightsaber”, a prop that tells the story of the future, as we used swords in combat in the before times, these “lightsabers” are a new age of weaponry with special effects. When thinking of any artists that could work with design fiction, contemporary artist Andy Warhol comes to mind. While he doesn’t use futuristic technology such as other design fiction pieces, he uses soup cans as material objects emphasizing the rituals of his art style giving social elements to the piece. Instead of putting create emphasis on the object, he gives a more social story about it that brings question to the narrative and the future. If I were to create my own design fiction story, I would work on creating advanced technology devices that are similar to ones that we currently use. Seeing as we use cell phones, I could perhaps transform that into an advanced human identification system where phones have become much more advanced with technology and communication and write a story of how each passing day cell phones are identifying us more and more and with the power of such knowledge their data could corrupt and overthrow people. Using the scientific fact of how phones work alongside the scientific fiction of their technology becoming stronger I could use my imagination to describe a narrative of a future world that revolves around humans vs. machines. Aside from using phones, the kind of artifacts I could use advanced interfaces such as the film Minority Report, where people could use them to identify people easily and locate their vicinity. While facial recognition features and location services are currently a thing at the moment, I could circulate a much bigger story making people able to be located super easily with phones, having their identity compromise their own belongings such as their possessions and accounts. Seeing how people could link materialization to a futuristic world would be the goal for my design fiction narrative, knotting together scientific fact and fiction. While having advanced technology be a problem, I wouldn’t just focus the attention on the phone itself, but how the phone’s technology becomes a bigger and bigger social problem and how the future could be grim unless we do something about it.
