I think the easiest way to define design fiction is through the analogy given in the opening chapter of the assigned book. The author explains that design fiction is to design as science fiction is to science. It's less about practicality and actually planning to implement the idea and more about exploring the possiblities of an idea under an fictional premise using design as the driving force. 

If I were taking part in a design fiction, I'd probably do something rather shallow and self-serving like remaking a portion of the world in a color scheme that I like with things like trees with pink leaves and buildings all in white and gray, or designing a social setting where everyone is mandated to own a cat and exploring the ways that everday elements in the world would change if it assumed for a cat companion like escalators with a cat lift and theater seats with little beds for cats.

I think everything that is important in a designer's world informs their design. Science fiction, even before it was labelled that way, has always been a source of fascination for people. We're curious and creative and love to think about the ways that things would be if certain conditions were different. It makes the pursuit of knowledge and the way forward exciting. It's a riddle or a puzzle that doesn't have a right or wrong solution. It gives us a dream to chase and is inspiring, but it also puts into perspective by exploring the negative things that can happen if we get carried away. There's no way that Skynet didn't have an effect on the public's acceptance of AI for instance, and designers and scientists have to account for that well-placed skepticism that's deeply rooting in our culture because of one sci-fi action flick from over 30 years ago.

In a more general sense, how things are designed in science fiction also becomes the standard way that people think about futuristic technology. So if a brand wants to invoke the feeling of next generation technology, then they'll almost certainly be borrowing from our existing imagined ideas of what the future looks like.
