
	According to Julian Bleecker, Design fiction is simply a merging of design, science fiction and science fact. In doing so, it helps to create new ideas and expansion of the imagination. Design fiction differs from Science Fiction in that design fiction is based more in the junction of principle ideas that are imaginative with the addition of reality. On the other hand, Science fiction is based on ideas imagined on future scientific or technological developments. Most noticeable science fiction examples are about space and time travel. Artists that come up to mind when I think about design fiction are Jalila Essaïdi (Bulletproof Skin) and Floris Kaay(Human Birdwings). Jalila looks into political, social and ethical problems concerning new biotechnologies. Her project Bulletproof skin consists of "in vitro human skin with spider silk from genetically modified organisms in order to stop a speeding bullet". This is interesting because she uses tech, art and design into an idea that seems farfetched but can become a reality. Floris Kaay's project Human Birdwings, is about creating actual wings that can allow a human to engage in flying. His idea cam about one day as he thought about the possibility for a human to be able to fly. As a filmmaker, his futuristic ideas led him to the making of his project. I especially found this topic very interesting because it makes me wonder about the future. How can we explore new overlooked concepts and interpret them into our own reality. If I were to design my own design fiction, I would definitely look into a topic that come from my curiosity. For instance, the notion of invisibility or breathing under water. Also, I would lean my design towards making a better world. For example, some idea that can help us preserve our world from global warming. The ideas are limitless. There just needs to be a story and creativity behind it. Artifacts that I might create are perhaps old ideas enhanced into new ones. Additionally, I would gather much of the old information. 
	Ubicomp is essentially a combination of science fiction and computer science. I do believe that science fiction does inform design because science fiction is composed of this mindset that an idea can be possible. Design like mentioned in the reading is essential to aid in story making. It is basically the result of a plan in the form of a prototype. Science fiction can absolutely form an important role in how technology is produced because with new concepts and explorations, there are more possibilities for futuristic advancements. The future is something we all look forward and want to elevate. Science fiction undeniably has a huge influence on how our world moves forward.
