  In the essay “Design Fiction” , by Julian Bleeker helps define design fiction and how it is used to build fictional worlds that can bring different possibilities and outcomes for our future. They describe design fiction as a mixture of design, science fiction, and science fact. It’s about using the ideas of science fiction and science fact, then using design practices to create objects that can envision different worlds and scenarios. It could also be using real scenarios, but taking it to the next level on what the next possible future could be. Or, it could not be real, but make it a possible reality. This allows different possibilities to be explored and raises questions. Design fiction is different from science fiction because science fiction is more about the concept itself.  Design fiction is taking a story and designing them into objects that help convey those ideas or scenarios. An example of design fiction is this Netflix series show called Altered Carbon. It specifically is an example of design fiction because it shows a cyber futuristic world where human consciousness can be transferred to different bodies called ‘sleeves’ with just a small storage device. In the show, the setting is called the Bay City, which was known as San Francisco, and they take it on a cyberpunk futuristic look on how San Francisco might look like. They are science fiction ideas, but are designed using cgi, props, aesthetics, that builds that world in a way of what might look like in the future.

  For my own design fiction, I really like the project in the article of the object that emits a soothing warm colors when touched by your hands. The objects has to be calmed down, and it reminds me of using a stress ball, fidget spinner, popping bubble wrap, blowing bubbles, that helps relax us. I might want to create an artifact that is therapeutic and relaxing. Maybe some kind of stone object that senses when your in distress, gives tingling/warm sensations when held. This is also in connection into today about people purchasing stones as healing properties.The object that they designed and created made me question what future technology holds that helps people relieve stress, nervousness, or even the possibility of having healing properties. Science fiction informs design because it gives theories of what the outcomes might be. In the article, they discuss about Jurassic Park on creating dinosaurs that were created science fact dinosaurs and science fiction dinosaurs. As a result, it gave new speculations of how the dinosaurs have lived throughout the story. Science fiction form an important role on how it tells us how what might technologies will be like in the future, how it will be used, and how will it affect us.
