For this week’s long yet informative reading, many topics were introduced. Science fiction relates more to the use of science to create an imaginative world which also consists of story-telling. Design fiction is where design is used to create a better world that is usually materialize in order to help humans. I believe that design fiction will also critique on already established creations and designs and systems and how they could be made different. Most of the present has been designed by people in the past, but the future should be designed by present and futuristic minds. 

I currently do not know of any well-known artist whom may be really involved in design fiction, but I do believe there are many writers (for film) and authors who create many design fictions. A possible way an artist could incorporate design fiction in their work could maybe be through the context, story or purpose of the artwork. I also think that the top of my mind, Lark Alder’s humancomputerlove.com could be one where the artist is commenting on the relationship of humans and computers. It made me wonder whether computers were designed for love. Especially with humans.


An idea I began in class last week was a device that detects mental health in the brain. I am super interested in brain science and brain scans and bettering the health of the minds of individuals in order to live healthier lives. What if we have a non-expensive device that can produce a clear scan of someone’s brain health- physically and chemically. I would like to make it into something like a box that produces a scan; for it to be placed beside the forehead.


Bleecker does dig deeper in Ubicomp and I feel that Science Fiction does inform design through creating unthought of solutions to possible problems. Therefore, since science fiction can be derived from facts and vice versa, I do not see why it would not form an important role in how technology is produced as many of technology were once science fiction. A thought, idea, or  desire waiting to come alive.
