At first the notion of “Design Fiction” is very obscure to me. I think maybe because I was neither too familiar with the word Design, nor the word Fiction. But throughout reading the article, I gained some knowledge for each. In short, design is something practical that intend to solve a real-life problem; Fiction is totally just ideas that come from pure imagination that are normally unachievable. Seems like the two are not compatible in the real world, however, I’m glad the author made a point that they can co-exist. Not only that they can co-exist, but also they have the potential to help each other to achieve their goals. I was inspired when the author described Design Fiction as “a way of describing and materializing ideas that are still looking for the right place to live. ” The words “materializing ideas”, is what make Design Fiction becomes more concrete to me. “Looking for right place to live”, shows how experimental, challenging and innovative it is in our nowadays world. 

The notion of Design Fiction reminds me of Japanese artist Kenji Kawakami, and his famous artworks of the Chindogu (珍道具), which are the small “inventions” that prevent future big problems. His artworks really amuses me and the idea of Chindogu makes one think it’s both funny but rational. This reminds me again of the Design Fiction, and I think it can be the best examples / portraits / prototypes of Design Fiction.

“Design fiction happens when you tie together fact and fiction and play comfortably and happily in the between...They are speculations on what the next ‘now’ will be like, always remembering no possible future is out of the question. ” I think what sounds like to me, design fiction is more of a new trend of thinking that break the traditional way, but what still confuses me is that with the existence of design fiction, what can we do? Is it really going to make our lives better, or more innovative in a way? Or can it only exist in such an abstract form like what it is right now, in more of research aspect and artistic practice? 
