When I think of design, I lean more towards the visual, so, basically, graphic design. Of course, there are many areas of design, like interior design, architecture, character design; it applies to everything. I tried to wrap my head around what Bleecker was saying, but I feel like I learned nothing new. Maybe I just did not understand it? They described design fiction as “creative provocation, raising questions, innovation, and exploration” and “a mix of science fact, design, and fiction” (7). I do not see the difference between design and design fiction. I feel like they are thinking too hard about it, or, again, I am not understanding.

That aside, it did bring a few things to mind. I was watching The Walking Dead the other day and there was a scene where someone explains that art, music, and the sharing of these things is what sets humans apart from other living things. This was not the first time I heard something similar to this. It has been brought up again and again that these are things that make us human. This may be very different from what the short essay is trying to explain, but are humans the only ones capable of design? But then again, I am thinking of it in purely artistic terms, like letting our imaginations run wild without an end goal in mind. 

I ask this question because things like beehives and beaver dams come to mind. These are both designs with specific functions—the beehives are to store pollen and honey while the beaver dams are to keep their homes from washing away. They are practical. (Now I am just letting myself ramble and figuring things out as I go along…) Could this be what really sets us apart from other living beings? Rather than creating something for a specific function, we create things because we just want to. Because of the process that comes along with it and because the process is something we can appreciate?

I guess design fiction is about letting ourselves think up ideas that do not necessarily have to amount to anything. And that’s not meant to be negative, although it may sound that way. It goes both ways. Design fiction is also about coming up with ideas that do amount to something. That do result in a final product. This product can be functional or not. It is okay either way. With design fiction, you can never be wrong, I think. (I am really trying to make sense of this and I feel all over the place.)

Then again, Bleecker mentions that design fiction includes science facts. It is just a part of it, so I do not think my ideas are entirely wrong. In the end, design is design no matter the outcome. That is probably a way of putting it. I know I said Julian Bleecker is probably thinking too hard about design and what it really means, but now I am on the same boat. It would be helpful to hear more ideas. 
